Water Pik Technologies, Inc. has retained J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. to assist the company in its evaluation of strategic alternatives, which includes a potential sale of a portion or all of the company.
Westlake Chemical Corporation announced that in late December 2004 it successfully started up its vinyl chloride monomer (VCM) and polyvinyl chloride (PVC) facilities in Geismar, Louisiana. As previously announced this phased start-up will result in approximately 300 million pounds of PVC production per annum.
Agilent Technologies Inc. announced plans to expand its microarray platform to include new applications in array-based genomics research. These applications hold promise for disease research, drug discovery and drug development. The company expect that emerging applications in ChIP-on-chip analysis and comparative genomics will grow to become 10%, or at least $100 million, of the total microarray market by 2007.Agilent announced the acquisition of Cambridge, Mass.-based Computational Biology Corp., plans for a collaborative research center in Cambridge, and a breakthrough cancer research technology published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science (PNAS).
Aceto Corporation plans to divest its non-core Institutional Sanitary Supplies segment. A sale will enable management to focus on Aceto's core segments - Health Sciences, Chemicals & Colorants, and Agrochemicals - as well as Landfill Odorend, Aceto's patent-pending landfill odor control product, which will be integrated into the Chemicals & Colorants segment.
According to sources, Colgate-Palmolive Co. plans to sell certain brands of its business that includes Fab and Ajax laundry detergents and Dynamo bleach. Goldman, Sachs & Co. is advising the company for the deal. Analysts estimate the likely sale price to be around $130 million. The Daily Deal speculates the possible bidders as Henkel KGaA and private equity firms.
Nike Inc. announced this week it will close its flagship NikeTown store at the end of January, three years before the company's lease was due to expire. The NikeTown closure is more bad news for Triangle Square, which was envisioned as the new downtown for Costa Mesa when it opened in 1992.
Spiegel Group announced that it would close 23 Eddie Bauer outlets around the country by Jan. 31, including its Providence Place mall outlet. About 40 people work at the Providence store. Eddie Bauer will shutter 23 stores, leaving it with 418, including outlets in the Garden City Shopping Center in Cranston and Wrentham Village Premium Outlets.
Binswanger/CBB announced they have negotiated a 15 1/2 year lease on behalf of Comcast Corporation with Liberty Property Trust at the future Comcast Center to be located at 1701 John F. Kennedy Boulevard in Philadelphia, PA. Comcast will occupy 24 floors, equaling 534,000 square feet of Class A office space. This new headquarters will include research and development laboratories, technology demonstration areas, employee training areas and Comcast University. The building will also feature on-site parking, a tie-in to the commuter rail station and retail opportunities.
National Semiconductor Corp. announced that it would cut 550 jobs in an effort to streamline its manufacturing operations. The chipmaker expects to incur charges of about $22 million to $26 million, most in its fiscal third quarter, for severance and other expenses. The company also plans to cut 100 jobs from several product lines at various sites. The company is planning a total workforce reduction of 6%.
Carlisle Companies Inc. announced that it will exit the Company's automotive business, Carlisle Engineered Products. Carlisle will immediately account for the operations of the automotive business as part of its discontinued operations and anticipates that it will record a 2004 fourth quarter non-cash loss, net of taxes, not to exceed $30 million.Also, the Company is raising its 2004 guidance for continuing operations to $3.65 to $3.72 per diluted share.
Home Depot Inc., The plans to open a new store in Liberty Lake early next year. If things go smoothly, construction will begin this spring and doors will open in January 2006. Company representatives are negotiating the purchase from Liberty Lake Land Co. LLC of 14 acres north of Country Vista Drive, on the west end of the city near Alton's Tire. Liberty Lake Land is a Seattle-based development company, one of whose shareholders is William E. Boeing Jr., son of the Boeing Co. founder. Home Depot's new store will employ 125 full- and part-time workers. The 102,000-square-foot store will sell the company's full mix of building and remodeling products, home decor, hardware and tools. Outdoor plants and products will be offered in an attached 28,000-square-foot garden area.
Owens-Illinois, Inc. has announced that the company intends to explore various options for its machine parts supply facility in Godfrey, Illinois, including a possible joint venture arrangement or outright sale of the facility. The company stated that market conditions and a changing corporate focus have prompted this review.
Genencor International Inc. announced that it plans to build a new manufacturing facility in the Wuxi, China National Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone. Genencor has also purchased the remaining approximately 15% interest in Genencor (Wuxi) Bio-products from its joint venture partner, the Wuxi Enzyme Factory, and intends to operate the new facility as a wholly owned entity. Once completed, the company plans to transfer operations and personnel from its existing manufacturing facility in downtown Wuxi to the new facility several miles away. The company did not release financial terms of the transaction.
Northrop Grumman Corp. announced that 2,500 jobs at the company's Avondale shipyard in New Orleans and Ingalls shipyard in Mississippi will eliminate in the next three years. The two shipyards, along with smaller fabrication facilities in Gulfport, Miss., and Tallulah, employ a total of about 20,000 people. Dur predicted that number would fall about 13%, to 17,500, by the end of 2007.
Weyerhaeuser Co. is investing $160 million to upgrade its northwestern Alberta pulp mill and make it more environmentally friendly. The money is to be used to rebuild the mill's boiler, the heart of the process that heats up a gummy mix of wood chips and water. Tree fibre is separated in the giant vessel and then transformed into bales of air-dried pulp, the main ingredient in paper manufacturing. As well as enhancing production from the current 350,000 tonnes a year by 30,000 tonnes, there are environmental and safety benefits to the boiler upgrade. The boiler rebuilding is scheduled to begin this spring with expected completion in 2007.
Tyson Foods announced that it will cut its beef production because demand is lower after last year's mad-cow scare. Tyson Foods (TSN) will suspend operations at four beef plants and halt second-shift work at a fifth. Tyson said about 2,100 workers will be affected by the move, which it expects to last three to five weeks. The plants to be idled are in Boise, Idaho; Denison, Iowa; and Norfolk and West Point, Neb. The suspension of the second shift will be at the Pasco, Wash, plant.
Triarc Companies Inc. announced that it is forming a real estate investment trust after shelving plans for a business development company last year. The REIT, to be called Deerfield Triarc Capital Corp., will invest in fixed-income vehicles such as collateralized debt obligations. Triarc acquired the platform for the REIT last spring when it paid $94.6 million for a majority stake in Chicago alternative asset manager Deerfield Capital Management LLC. Deerfield Triarc will seek to register its shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission within nine months with an eye on an initial public offering.
On January 6, 2005, Selectica Inc. announced that it has implemented an organizational restructuring that includes the elimination of approximately 43 positions, which represents approximately 13% of the Company's workforce. Most of the positions eliminated were based in the Company's San Jose headquarters.
Residence Inn, 74-room hotel, which opened Dec. 30 and will host a ribbon-cutting ceremony, caters to guests traveling on business and seeking to book multiple-night stays. Guests needing long-term reservations often include people visiting or attending training sessions at local companies such as Subway and Bic Corp. In addition to hosting business travelers visiting the immediate vicinity, Residence Inn provides those visiting the New York City area with a cheaper alternative to the more expensive hotels found in Fairfield County. Residence Inn, owned by Marriott International Inc., is Milford's 14th hotel.
After 18 months of lawsuits, insults and machinations, the end of PeopleSoft as an independent company came quietly as Oracle completed its $10.3 billion takeover. Oracle has reported as many as 6,000 workers could lose their jobs following the merger.
McDonald's Corp. is preparing to jump into the growing premium coffee business later this year or in 2006. Having watched Dunkin' Donuts and 7-Eleven post higher revenues by competing against Starbucks, the fast-food chain says it will test and then offer specialty coffees at its 13,000 U.S. restaurants.
Nabi announced that it will lay off 168 workers at its plant in Kaposvar (Central Hungary). The workers account for 23% of Nabi's total workforce in Hungary.
Microsoft Corp. filed a development agreement (DA) with the City of Redmond outlining its plans to make one of the largest corporate campuses in the world even larger through a major expansion of its Redmond headquarters. In the plan, Microsoft also commits up to $30 million (U.S.) in local transportation and infrastructure. The DA indicates Microsoft's intent to add about 2 million square feet of new site and infrastructure renovations to its existing 8-million-square-foot campus over the next 10 to 20 years. The additional development is expected to ultimately house between 10,000 and 12,000 workers.
Connetics Corp. announced the U.S. commercial launch of Evoclin (clindamycin 1%) delivered in Connetics' proprietary VersaFoam vehicle for the treatment of acne vulgaris. Evoclin is the first product approval in the acne market for Connetics, and is available in 50 g and 100 g trade-unit sizes as well as 10 g professional samples. Evoclin offers patients suffering from acne vulgaris a new, once-daily therapy that dissolves rapidly upon contact with skin, leaves minimal residue, and is easy to apply to large body surface areas.
SBC Communications announced that it will deduct $250 million in onetime costs from fourth-quarter earnings, mostly related to previously announced layoffs. In November, the local phone giant said it would shed more than 10,000 workers by the end of 2005, through attrition or layoffs. Last year, SBC said it sliced its workforce by more than 6,000 positions, with over half coming in the fourth quarter. The company will take a $150 million charge to cover severance and related costs. SBC also changed the way it calculates pension benefits, resulting in a onetime, non-cash charge of about $100 million.
Ford Motor Co. announced that it has laid off 110 people at its engine plant across the Detroit River from Detroit. This layoffs bring the total number of layoffs to 325 at the Essex Engine Plant. Ford cited poor sales of its Freestar minivan for the move.
General Motors Corp. will cut its U.S. work force further this year through retirements and attrition, but the plan is expected to have minimal effect at its Oklahoma City plant. The factory is in the second week of a two-week shutdown and will reopen Jan. 18. At least 250 hourly employees, about 10% of the work force, will be laid off when workers return, part of GM's decision to slow production of its seven-passenger Chevrolet TrailBlazers and GMC Envoys. Those layoffs are unrelated to GM's ongoing effort to trim its work force through attrition. Citing a need to control costs in the wake of declining market share and higher costs for health care, GM will continue to reduce its work force though attrition and retirements by 4% to 6% each year. GM cut its U.S. work force to 150,000 by the third quarter of 2004, down from 159,000 in the same period in 2003.
Sprint to build a new cell phone tower on U.S. 15-501 in Durham. The perfect spot, the highest ground around, had been home to Lodge 568 of the Benevolent & Protective Order of Elks for 37 years. But the Elks, a fraternal organization dedicated to fellowship and service, didn't want a 90-foot tall, 360-degree metal antenna in their back yard.
Ticketmaster announced the launch of its newly formed division dedicated to serving Arts organizations throughout North America. TicketmasterArts offers clients a powerful single solution for ticketing, fundraising/development, and customer relationship management with a specialized focus on the Arts category of events. Serving Arts organizations of all sizes, TicketmasterArts builds on the company's powerful Archtics(R) ticketing system integrated with a host of specialized services to help Arts clients sell more tickets and facilitate more strategically unified development programs.
ACT Teleconferencing Inc. announced that it will cut about 35 positions, or 10% of its workforce, as part of a restructuring plan. The company said the restructuring will save about $3 million a year.
Pinnacle Entertainment Inc. obtained several key approvals from the Missouri Gaming Commission regarding the Company's Laclede's Landing casino project. The Commission unanimously approved the location of the casino portion of the Laclede's Landing project, finding the site to be within 1,000 feet of the main channel of the Mississippi River, as required by Missouri statute.
Level 3 Communications Inc. announced that it would eliminate up to 12% of its overall work force by month's end. Between 500 and 600 jobs will be eliminated in the company's communications business, which sells wholesale services to Internet service providers. Nearly 3,700 of the company's 5,000 employees worldwide work in its communications business.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. has announced that it has completed the sale of the Sheraton Denver Tech Center Hotel to Clinton Street Investments, LLC for $11.5 million. Since 2003, Starwood has sold more than $1.1 billion worth of assets. The $11.5 million from this latest sale is part of an additional $500 million the Company intends to sell by the middle of 2005.
Tupperware Corp. announced that it would cut about 250 jobs at its plant in Hemingway, S.C., because it had decided to increase imports of its products from outside the United States.
Walgreen Co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of 5.25 cents per share, payable March 12, 2005, to shareowners of record Feb. 18, 2005.The Company reported record sales for the first quarter ended Nov. 30, 2004, of $9.9 billion, up 13.4% from a year earlier. Earnings were up 30.5% from a year ago to a record $333 million.The company operates 4,683 drugstores in 44 states and Puerto Rico and plans to open 450 new stores in fiscal 2005.
Teradyne Inc. disclosed a restructuring plan in a Form 8-K filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that calls for the dismissal of roughlty 320 employees. Teradyne expects to complete the plan, which aims to lower its expenses, in the first quarter. It anticipates charges totaling roughly $11 million from severance costs and remaining lease obligations will be recorded in the first quarter.
Albemarle Corp. announced the opening of a specialty zeolite facility in the company's Bayport complex, which produces a full range of hydrotreating and FCC catalysts and additives. The new facility expands the company's capabilities in specialty zeolite production, utilizing an innovative new process developed by a team of Albemarle researchers and technologists.
Intel Corp.'s plan to beef up spending this year on research, development and capital improvements immediately boosted the prospects of companies that make the machines to design, build and test silicon chips. Intel announced that it expects to spend $5.1 billion US on capital improvements in 2005, up from $3.8 billion last year. Research and development spending is slated to jump to $5.2 billion from $4.8 billion in 2004.
Jo-Ann Stores Inc. announced that the plans to build a $45 million distribution center in Opelika that will eventually provide 425 jobs. The company said it plans to break ground on the 700,000-square-foot distribution center in March, and it should open in April 2006.
The Board of Directors of NDCHealth Corporation announced that a committee of independent directors completed its review of candidates and will engage a leading investment banking firm from its final list of candidates to analyze and report to the Board on strategic alternatives. With assistance from the investment bank, the Board will evaluate the company's strategic alternatives with the objective of maximizing stockholder value. More specifically, the Board will carefully weigh the impact of management's initiatives to deliver improved revenue and profit performance, and a full range of strategic alternatives including, but not limited to, divestitures, recapitalizations, alliances with strategic partners, and a sale to or merger with a third party.
The Dow Chemical Co. announced it is closing part of its Dow Automotive operation in Hillsdale and moving two production lines to Midland. Dow announced that it will begin phasing out about 60-65 of its 215 employees over the next two years.
Northrop Grumman Corporation broke ground on its new San Bernardino Missile Engineering Center, located on Hospitality Lane in the Tri-City Corporate Centre. Northrop Grumman announced in December that it planned to relocate its 225 scientists, engineers, and other professionals to the Tri-City Corporate Centre -- a 153-acre mixed-use development near the junction of Interstates 10 and 215 -- by January 2006. Northrop Grumman's Missile Engineering Center, part of the company's Mission Systems sector, is currently located on East Harry Sheppard Boulevard.
Enterasys Networks announced that it would cut about 115 jobs. The company also said it expects to record severance charges of $3.5 million to $3.8 million as a result of the job cuts. Enterasys said it should record the severance charges, which also include costs related to earlier cutbacks taken late last year, in the fourth quarter of 2004 and in the first quarter of 2005. It said its overall workforce would total about 1,040 employees by the second quarter of 2005, down from 1,176 at the end of the 2004 third quarter.
Oracle Corp. is poised announced a large round of layoffs. Industry observers expect Oracle to slash 3,000 to 6,000 jobs from the combined entity's payrolls, with one company insider predicting the expected count will land on the high end.
Applied Materials Inc. is eliminating up to 240 positions but will try to keep as many affected workers as possible through in-house training for other jobs in the company. The net reduction in the company, which has 12,000 employees, won't be known until the end of the 60-day training period created by the program.
Smurfit-Stone Container Corp. has formed a new operating division that will integrate creative design services with packaging solutions. The division, called i2i, is based on a business model Smurfit-Stone developed in Asia. The new division will offer North American customers package design, brand creation and marketing services.
The Sara Lee textile manufacturing plant in Killarney Co. Kerry, is to stop production in the next few weeks with the loss of more than 90 jobs. The plant, which manufactures seamless ladies' underwear for the European market, will cease production between February and March. Sara Lee greatly regretted the job losses and would do all it could to assist its employees in finding employment.
Solectron Corp. announced that it will close its manufacturing facility in Johor in May, 2005. The move will affect some 750 people on the company's payroll, and retrenchment benefits of RM5 million to RM6 million are expected to be paid out.
Constellation Brands Inc. announced that it would fire about 300 people and consolidate some sales and administrative offices as the company integrates the purchase of Robert Mondavi Corp. Constellation didn't disclose where the job cuts would take place and didn't expect to close any production facilities.
Quintiles Transnational announced that its restructuring will cost an additional 316 jobs - bringing the number of announced layoffs since November to 546. But the pharmaceutical services company, which employs 1,100 people at its Durham headquarters and about 17,000 worldwide, said that hiring will outpace job reductions by the end of the year.
Hewlett-Packard Co. announced that plans to open an RFID Noisy Lab in Omaha, Neb., to further the development of radio frequency identification (RFID) technology. HP facility will be comprehensive RFID labs in the industry, simulating a real-world manufacturing and distribution center where HP, its customers and its partners can pilot and evaluate RFID technology and solutions.
Oracle Corp. reported that it would slash 5,000 jobs as it integrates PeopleSoft Inc. bringing the combined company's workforce to a total of about 50,000. In an effort to retain the customers of PeopleSoft, Oracle said it would retain more than 90% of PeopleSoft's product development and support staff, cementing thoughts that PeopleSoft's administrative workers would be among the hardest hit.
Analog Devices Inc. announced that it will strengthen its automotive semiconductor operations in Japan, aiming to rack up sales of ¥10 billion in 2008. To attain the target, the company's Tokyo-based subsidiary will set up a special division for automotive chips on Feb. 1. In Japan, Analog Devices will chiefly market acceleration sensors for air bags and digital signal processors for audio and video equipment in cars.
OM Group Inc. announced that the planned maintenance shutdown of its Big Hill smelter, located in Lubumbashi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, is underway.
DuPont Photomasks Inc. announced that as part of a consolidation plan designed to reduce costs and improve capital productivity, operations in its trailing-edge photomask production facility in Kokomo, Ind., will begin to ramp down immediately. The equipment within the Kokomo site will be disposed of or relocated to other DuPont Photomasks sites, and the facility is expected to close during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005, ending June 30, 2005.DuPont Photomasks revenue for the second quarter of fiscal 2005, which ended Dec. 31, 2004, will be approximately $99.0 million, an increase of 15% compared with last year's second quarter revenue of $86.0 million and a 4% sequential increase when compared with fiscal 2005's first quarter.
Lantronix Inc. announced that it has launched an online Managed Service Provider (MSP) Resource Center, designed to educate Lantronix channel partners on the bottom-line benefits of implementing an MSP business model. The free resource for Lantronix partners delivers valuable information, insights and strategies to create a services practice enabling partners to expand their business opportunities and to open new highly profitable streams of revenue. While it is still a new concept for many resellers, businesses are increasingly outsourcing portions of their IT operations and the demand for managed services programs is growing rapidly. A recent report from the MSP Alliance and ThinkStrategies indicated that 83.8% of responding MSPs saw their revenue grow, on average 52.7% in the past year.
TranSwitch Corp. reported that on 1/17/05, it has implemented an organizational restructuring that includes the elimination of 26 positions, which represents approximately 10% of the Company's workforce. Most of the positions eliminated were based in the Company's Shelton and Boston locations. The restructuring is expected to reduce the Company's salary and personnel expenses by approximately $2.5 million annually and is part of an action plan to reduce the Company's operating break-even level.
EQT has retained UBS as its investment bank to explore strategic alternatives including the possibility of a public offering or a trade sale of Sirona. UBS has estimated the value of the company to be in excess of nine times EBITDA.
Harris Corp. announced the formation of a new Software Systems business unit within its Broadcast Communications Division. The new business unit brings together the resources of Harris' automation business and Encoda Systems, a global leader in broadcast media software that was acquired by Harris in November 2004. The combined solution set enables Harris to provide total content delivery solutions to existing and emerging broadcast, enterprise and government markets. Serving call letter broadcasters, cable/MSO and satellite service providers, advertising agencies, media rep firms, and enterprises, the new Software Systems business unit will offer modular, standards-based workflow management and service management solutions engineered with open APIs for maximum ease of integration and future scalability.
GapBody expands into 11 additional store locations. Women love how Gap clothes help them express their individual style -- so it's natural GapBody has become such a popular place for them to find intimate apparel to express their personal style. Beginning January 24, 2005, GapBody will be available in the following new locations: Charlotte, NC, Commack, NY; Costa Mesa, CA; Glastonbury, CT; Greensboro, NC; La Jolla, CA; Naperville, IL; Ridgewood, NJ; Rochester, MI; Southbury, CT; Tulsa, OK.
Northwest Airlines Corp. will boost its international cargo capacity next year to meet growing demand in the U.S.-China market. To address that demand, the carrier will convert two of its 747-200 passenger aircraft to freighters. Those aircraft will be deployed in the burgeoning U.S.-China market. With the addition of these aircraft, Northwest will have a fleet of 14 747 freighters.
Air Liquide, the French industrial gases specialist, has invested €60 million in a unit for the production of hydrogen in Notre-Dame-de-Gravenchon, Normandy. The unit is located on the site of a refinery owned by US oil group ExxonMobil, operating under the name Esso Raffinage SAF. ExxonMobil opened a new production unit at the site which is intended to help the company produce cleaner fuels. The US group has invested €250 million in the new production unit, which is to be used to produce fuels that conform to new European standards. Management says that the fuels produced will also conform to other standards that are expected to come into force in 2009. Part of the investment involved the construction of a high-pressure hydrogen processing unit; the hydrogen for this is to be supplied by Air Liquide. The French company hopes that its new unit will enable it to develop its business in the petrochemical basin of Upper Normandy, where hydrogen is used to produce plastics and desulphurize fuels.
Cabot Corp. broke ground on its new world-class fumed silica manufacturing facility located in Jiangxi province, China. The company is investing approximately US $30 million to construct the plant scheduled for completion in the first half of 2006. The new plant in Jiangxi will be Cabot's sixth fumed silica manufacturing facility. Other Cabot fumed silica manufacturing facilities are located in the US, Europe and India.
Microsoft is laying off 62 test engineers in the second round of cuts hitting Windows testers in the past five months. The company has recently sent test work overseas, but a spokeswoman denied that's a factor. The company announced that the automation, not globalization, led to the cuts. The testers were given the option of staying, with pay, for six weeks while they look for other jobs in the company. But finding other test jobs in the company may be a challenge. The 62 work in the core operating system division, headed by Brian Valentine, a senior vice president. Microsoft is outsourcing some test work to overseas companies such as Wipro, Infosys and Tata Consultancy in India. The company initially told employees that 64 people were being laid off, but the number was later reduced to 62.
On January 17, 2005 Avery Dennison Corp. finalized the plans for the closing of the Company's office products facility in Gainesville, Georgia. The Company's Office Products management communicated the closure to the facilities employees on January 19, 2005.
Convergys Corp. will take a $30.4 million charge in its fourth quarter for a restructuring that will eliminate 600 management jobs worldwide.
Finishing touches are being made on a 14,800-square-foot Walgreens drugstore at 110 Walnut St., set to open .Announced in August 2003, the store will be the first Walgreens in town and also will include a drive-through pharmacy.
KB Home announced that the sales office is now open for its new community, Foxstone in Indio, its first new home community in the rapidly expanding Coachella Valley in Riverside County. Foxstone is located in the city of Indio, located -15 minutes from Palm Springs, giving residents a variety of options for recreational activities, resorts and nightlife. The city offers convenient shopping and dining choices, as well as easy access to Interstate 10 for commuting to surrounding cities.
ConocoPhillips announced plans for another liquefied natural gas facility on the Gulf Coast of Texas, joining planned projects in Freeport, Texas; Mobile, Ala., and Long Beach, Calif. The company has asked the Coast Guard for approval of the Beacon Port facility south of the Texas-Louisiana border. Beacon Port would handle 1.5 billion cubic feet of gas per day, the largest of ConocoPhillips's planned LNG terminals.
Paxar Corporation announced to its workforce in Hillsville, Virginia that, as a part of its continuing effort to create a more efficient woven label manufacturing operation, the Company plans to close the manufacturing operations at the woven label plant located there. As a part of this restructuring, the current manufacturing operations at the Hillsville plant will be consolidated into the Company's Weston, West Virginia facility. The Company anticipates that the closure of the Hillsville facility will be completed by December 31, 2005.
According to analysts, Titan International Inc. maybe a potential takeover target. The company has climbed out of a deep pit of financial and emotional misery, and its prospects are much improved. From 2001-03 the company had annual losses of more than $30 million. The manufacturer's share value has increased 393.5 percent in 2004, second-highest of all companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
AT&T Corp. eliminated 229 jobs at its Syracuse call center. The company, citing a policy not to discuss specific job cuts, declined comment. The cuts were confirmed by workers and union officials at Local 1152 of the Communication Workers of America.
SBC Communications Inc. reported earnings results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2004. For the period, the earnings fell 16.7% to $754 million, or 23 cents a share on revenues of $10.3 billion, against earnings of $905 million, or 27 cents per share, on revenues of $10 billion, for the same period a year ago. The income for the period was 34 cents per share. Revenue in the fourth quarter was $10.3 billion, up from $10 billion a year earlier.For the full year ended December 31, 2004, the company reported an earnings of $5.9 billion, or $1.79 a share, on revenue of $40.8 billion, compared with profit of $8.5 billion, or $2.56 a share, on revenue of $40.5 billion, for the same period a year ago.The company plans to cut 7,000 positions in 2005, primarily through attrition.
Rentrak Corp. announced the creation of a new division resulting in a new corporate structure designed to drive growth, better serve the needs of existing and new customers, and increase operating efficiencies. The management and organizational changes position Rentrak to expand the scope and depth of its business intelligence and transactional services.
General Motors Corp. is planning to invest $175 million to retool its truck assembly plant near Fort Wayne as it prepares to build new full-size pickup models. The project will add about 200 jobs at the plant, where some 2,900 workers build Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra trucks. New machinery, equipment and special tooling are part of the improvements, which began in early December. About 247,000 pickup trucks were produced at the plant during 2004, GM said. The upgrades will prepare the plant for production of the next generation of the models. The company said last month it would invest $150 million in a similar upgrade at its truck assembly plant in Flint, Mich.
SYSCO Corp. announced that it would build a new distribution center in Selma, creating up to 600 jobs over seven years and investing $37 million in the Johnston County area. The company is purchasing about 80 acres off U.S. 70 bypass and plans to start construction in the spring. The firm will start hiring for new jobs after construction begins, Easley's office said, and average salaries will exceed $45,000 a year plus benefits. Under the agreement with SYSCO, the state could provide as much as $5.2 million in JDIG benefits if the company creates the jobs and sustains them for 10 years. The grant equals 65% of the state personal withholding taxes derived from creation of the new jobs. The state Department of Commerce estimated that the SYSCO project would generate a cumulative gross state product value of $1.6 billion and net state revenue of $59 million.
AT&T Corp. announced that it will eliminate the jobs of another 1,700 workers. AT&T's latest announcement that it is cutting another 1,700 jobs and closing four customer service centers is a very clear signal that AT&T does not care about its customers. This layoff will eliminate the jobs of more than 200 technicians and 1,500 customer service representatives, workers who are the first line of contact for customers who want and deserve quality service. AT&T will shut call centers in Mesa, Arizona; Syracuse, N.Y.; Marietta, Ga., and Town and Country, Mo., just outside St. Louis, while AT&T continues to send more jobs overseas to the Philippines, India and other offshore locations, and contracts out work, instead of remaining in the hands of the skilled workers who bring real value to AT&T.
Wal-Mart announced that it will build a food distribution center near Interstate 69 that could bring about 600 jobs to an area with the state's highest unemployment rate. The company has agreed to build the 895,000-square-foot center, invest $60 million and create the jobs within three years.
Northwest Airlines Corp. announced that it has ordered eight additional Airbus A330 wide-body aircraft. The additional A330s will fly international routes and will replace, on a one-for-one basis, DC10-30 aircraft in Northwest's fleet beginning in 2006 and continuing through 2007. With these additional A330 aircraft, Northwest will be able to replace the DC10-30 on all trans-Atlantic routes operated by Northwest. The order includes six of the -300 series, configured with 34 seats in Northwest's new World Business Class and 264 seats in coach class, and two of the longer-range -200 series aircraft, with 32 seats in World Business Class and 211 seats in coach class. The aircraft will be powered by Pratt & Whitney PW4168A engines, the engines on Northwest's existing A330 fleet.
Steris Corp. plans to divest under performing portions of its life sciences business as lower year- over-year demand for capital equipment and resulted in weak bottom-line performance. The company has set in motion steps to raise the level of its Life Sciences business& performance and create a more focused strategic approach to its pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and research customer base. These steps include potentially selling specific capital equipment product lines and their associated assets, which are not leveraging company’s core product offering in sterilization, washing and decontamination products and services. The Company is exploring the sale of its lyophilizer (freeze dryer), pure steam generator, and water still product lines. The Company believes these product lines, which account for approximately 30% of Life Sciences segment revenues, are a better strategic fit with new owners that focus more directly on these product categories.
Kmart Holding Corp. announced that it plans to close its Canton distribution center in April. The 1.1-million-square-foot leased warehouse was Kmart's only distribution center in Michigan and will close because of dwindling store counts for the nation's third-largest retailer.
General Motors has decided to delay mass layoffs at its Linden assembly plant by more than two months.The layoffs, scheduled for Feb. 7, will now take place April 25 so remaining orders can be filled for the Chevy Blazer and GMC Jimmy models, which the company is discontinuing. Company is not calling this a plant closure, but as of right now there is nothing assigned to the plant to produce. Roughly 950 employees work at the plant.
AT&T is eliminating 350 jobs at a call center in Marietta, where the company fielded calls about its residential local and long-distance phone service. Employees at the facility at 1600 Terrell Mill Road were notified that they will be off the payroll March 25. Wilkes announced that the local, which represents workers there, was notified by AT&T that a total of 367 jobs will be eliminated in metro Atlanta, including those at facilities in Alpharetta, Atlanta and Conyers. Some of the cuts that were announced last year will actually take place this year.
Oracle Corp. established an e-Government Centre of Excellence with Peking University is designed to offer e-government research, solutions, training, methodology and consultations to Chinese Government agencies and public service agencies. The centre will also participate in China's standard-setting e-government initiative.
Shutdown of the Deluxe Corp. plant will begin immediately and be completed within 18 months. Some of the work now done in Athens will be moved to a Deluxe facility in Streetsboro in northeast Ohio. Plant will close, cutting 360 jobs.
Dow Jones & Co. Inc. announced that it would cut 97 jobs as the company completed the purchase of the online news service MarketWatch. About half of the jobs will be eliminated immediately, and the rest throughout the year. The eliminated positions came from across the full range of operations, including from human relations, finance, technology, marketing and news. About 12 of the jobs to be lost are from Dow Jones operations.
Cypress Semiconductor Corp. reported that it will reduce its workforce by 200 employees in an effort to speed up its return to profitability, resulting in charges of about $15 million to be recorded in the second-quarter of 2005.
Starbucks announced that it would open 1500 new outlets worldwide by September. The company, which has 8700 outlets worldwide, said it expected to open about 1500 more in the fiscal year ending September, including more than 1000 in the US.
Solutia Inc. plans to shut down its acrylic fibers business in April as part of its effort to emerge from bankruptcy protection. The move will trim the workforce of its Decatur, Ala., plant by half, to 250.
Dell Inc. will open a 'customer contact center' in McGregor that will employ hundreds. The McGregor City Council Thursday evening approved a five-year lease with Dell on a 52,000-square-foot building in the city's industrial park. McGregor will spend about $450,000 refurbishing the building and will charge Dell nothing to use the structure for the first five years.
Johnson Controls Inc. announced that it will close its manufacturing plant here by August, putting nearly 300 people out of work. The 110,000 square-foot plant, which employs 297 people in this south-central Kentucky city, manufactures sun visors, cargo load floors and overhead consoles. Production of cargo load floors and overhead consoles will be consolidated into other Johnson Controls locations in the country.
Littelfuse Inc. announced that it has adjusted employment levels at its plants around the world in line with its recent slowdown in sales and that it has also reduced staffing in its selling, administrative and other overhead functions. The company will take a pre-tax charge of approximately $3.5 million in the first quarter of 2005 related to these reductions. 
Dean Foods Co. said it plans to spin off its specialty foods business into a separate company owned by shareholders. The yet-to-be-named company would market private-label pickles, non-dairy creamers and other products. Dean is seeking to launch the company as a tax-free spinoff to avoid capital gains taxes. If the IRS does not go along with Dean's plan, the spinoff would be scrapped. The company also plans to drop the idea if the deal can't be consummated by Oct. 31, 2005.
According to sources, Cendant Corp. is exploring a possible sale of its Wright Express in a deal that may be worth more than $1.2 billion. Cendant has said publicly it would spin off the auto-fleet charge-card business in an initial public offering. Although according to market rumors, the company has been soliciting interest from a handful of corporate buyers and private-equity firms. The New York Post stated the possible suitors may include First Data Systems, Fiserv and Fidelity National Financial as well as investment firms Boston-based Bain Capital and GTCR Golder Rauner of Chicago. Bids for the unit, which provides payment processing and information management services for commercial and government automobile fleets, are expected to range between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion. J.P. Morgan is handling the process for Cendant.
Tyson Foods Inc. will open a major case ready meat plant in Sherman, Texas, employing as many as 1,600 people. Tyson will spend approximately $100 million to renovate the former Oscar Mayer plant in Sherman. Initial operations are expected to begin in early 2006. The plant will be transformed into Tyson's largest case ready operation, producing pre-packaged cuts of fresh beef and pork that are ready for retail grocers to place directly into the meat case. The 537,000 square foot plant was first opened by Oscar Mayer in 1974 and was used to produce bacon, hot dogs and sausage. Oscar Mayer closed the plant in 1998. The facility was purchased in 2000 by IBP Inc., a company that was subsequently acquired in 2001 by Tyson Foods and is now known as Tyson Fresh Meats.
First Consulting Group Inc. announced the opening of new operation in Duke Realty Corporation's Haywood Oaks TechneCenter. FCG's new customer support center will occupy approximately 21,000 S.F. at Haywood Oaks 6.
SBC Communications Inc. announced that it expects to eliminate about 13,000 jobs after its $16 billion acquisition of AT&T Corp. closes, but executives emphasized that many of those positions can be cut through attrition rather than layoffs. The cuts would come in addition to existing plans at the two companies to eliminate jobs before the merger is finalized at least a year from now.
Johnson Controls Inc. will build a plant for the production of car seats worth EUR20m in the park. The plant will be the second largest investment in the local industrial park, trailing the recently announced project by US producer Johnson Controls. The town of Lucenec will receive a subsidy of Sk30m from the government to prepare the park's infrastructure for the investor.
Sun Microsystems plans to announce that four data centers are up and running, allowing customers to rent computing services as needed. The company has formed the utility computing group, a new division. The new division to be headed by Robert Youngjohns, Sun's executive vice president of strategic development and financing. Seeking growth beyond its stagnant hardware business, Sun will kick off the event with announcements about providing customers with more services and subscription products.
ArvinMeritor Inc. announced that, as part of a strategy to rationalize and refocus the company, it will implement a plan to consolidate and combine certain global facilities as well as close or sell certain plants.In addition, the company will eliminate 400 to 500 salaried positions, delay merit salary increases for salaried employees and reduce discretionary spending.
Fleetwood Enterprises Inc. will launch a vacation club for recreational vehicle fans this spring, a first for the RV industry. The points-based Fleetwood Vacation Club treats RVs like time-share condos: Club members schedule to use a luxury RV for one or more weeks each year, for 10 years. Fleetwood partners with vacation-exchange manager RCI to let Fleetwood Vacation Club members redeem Vacation Club points for stays at resorts in RCI's network. Members also can redeem points for airfare, car rental, hotel stays, cruises, golf outings and tickets to theme parks via RCI.Fleetwood named Michael Puntoriero president of the Vacation Club. He joined Fleetwood in May 2004; he had been a managing partner at Arthur Andersen.
Wal-Mart has plans to build a supercenter in the Logan County community. The store will be between 150,000 and 185,000 square feet, about twice the size of the existing store on Lincoln's west side. The planning and construction of a Wal-Mart supercenter takes between 12 and 18 months. The new store will cost between $10 million and $20 million and likely be located on property the company has a contract to purchase just west of the existing store. The current Wal-Mart is housed on property rented by the company. If plans proceed on schedule, the new store will be completed before expiration of the lease in 2010. When complete, the supercenter will employ about 350 people, up from the current 200 workers at the store, according to company estimates.
Tower Automotive Inc. has filed for bankruptcy protection after piling up debt in an expansion that increased sales more than 30-fold to $2.8 billion over a decade. The company filed for Chapter 11 protection after missing an interest payment on $204 million in Euro notes. According to an analyst, the company may itself be an acquisition target now. The analyst adds that the company can be acquired as a whole or in pieces.
Motorola Inc. is laying off about 60 workers from its cellular phone manufacturing complex in Plantation. According to severance papers obtained by the South Florida Sun-Sentinel, about 2% of the facility's workforce is being eliminated. About 3,000 people work at the Plantation complex. The laid-off employees work in manufacturing operations for Motorola's Integrated Digital Enhanced Network, or iDEN, and include some technicians, and repair and quality control workers. The layoffs will take effect in late February.
General Electric Co. announced that it will lay off another 43 workers at its plant in Burlington, following a January layoff that put 85 workers off the job. About 550 workers remain.
Maxtor Corp. reported a fourth-quarter net loss of $70.2 million, or 28 cents a share, on revenue of $1.03 billion. During the same period a year ago, Maxtor earned $39.2 million, or 15 cents a share, on $1.17 billion in revenue. The company said it expects to cut 200 jobs over the course of the year from its approximately 13,500 person workforce.
Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group Inc. announced its two brands, Dollar Rent A Car and Thrifty Car Rental are celebrating their grand opening in Fort Lauderdale- Hollywood International Airport's (FLL) new Rental Car Center. Each brand previously served customers at separate on-airport locations. Customers can find the Dollar rental counter on Level Four and the Thrifty counter on Level Two of the Center, located at 600 Terminal Drive in Fort Lauderdale. Both locations are open seven days a week, twenty four hours a day.
Leap Wireless International Inc. announced that it is expanding its international long distance (ILD) offering to more than 60 countries(a). Customers interested in Cricket's ILD offering can use the service by prepaying for a bucket of minutes. The dollar amount in the bucket will be automatically deducted each time a customer places an ILD call. Customers can also add additional funds to their bucket by dialing *PAY on their Cricket(R) phone as necessary.
Dow Chemical Co. cut 147 positions in South Charleston in 2004. The company announced it would lay off about 160 people in South Charleston. But 17 people transferred from the facility and five people transferred to it, which also said 1,024 people now work for Dow in the Kanawha Valley. The 147 cuts represented more than 10% of Dow's West Virginia workforce. Dow cut about 3,000 jobs worldwide in 2004, a year in which the company recorded record profits.
Eastman Kodak plans to strengthen digital imaging business in China, and launch some new models of digital camera. Kodak would roll out many new models of cameras, including Z-series, V-series with fashionable shapes, Pro-series targeted at professional users and fans, and C-series with lower price tags. Besides, the company will also release some new output devices, such as multi-function printers, and inkjet photo paper.
Newpark Resources Inc. announced the formation of Composite Mat Solutions LLC, a new wholly owned subsidiary focused on the growing composite mat business. Frank M. Buck has been appointed president of the new entity. Separately, J. Phillip Carpenter, president of Newpark Environmental Services Inc. will assume a second role as president of SOLOCO, LLC, Newpark's oilfield rental and construction business unit. Headquartered in Lafayette, Louisiana, Composite Mat Solutions LLC will handle all of Newpark's composite mat sales and operations. Newpark's DURA-BASE(R) Composite Mat System provides temporary surfaces for energy, construction, military and other industry applications around the world. The new business unit will focus on expansion of market share beyond the traditional oilfield applications.
Corning Inc. will spend $70 million to expand a diesel substrate and filter plant in Erwin, New York, because of rising demand for products that help reduce harmful diesel-engine emissions. The investment will help boost capacity that will be needed as demand for the clean-diesel products rises next year.The company reiterated its fiscal first- quarter forecast for earnings per share of 11 cents to 13 cents, excluding some costs, on sales of $980 million to $1.03 billion.
Alcoa Inc., American producer of aluminum, plans to invest about $280 million into development of Samara Metallurgical Plant (SMP) and Belaya Kalitva Metallurgical Plant (BKMP), including $80 million in the current year.
Corning Inc. announced that it expected to invest about $1 billion this year in its most profitable business ultrathin glass used in flat-panel computer screens and televisions. The company plans to increase capital spending to $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in 2005 from $857 million in 2004, with about three-quarters going to its display technologies division.
Fleetwood Enterprises Inc. announced that it has laid off nearly 10% of its production work force, about 125 people, due to lower than expected demand.
General Motors Corp. will stop making the Pontiac Bonneville this summer, saying declining sales and changing customer tastes no longer make the nearly half-century old sedan worthwhile. No jobs will be lost because the Detroit-Hamtramck factory where the Bonneville is currently made will continue to produce other large cars, including the new Buick Lucerne and Cadillac DTS.
Lockheed Martin Corp. announced that it could be forced to begin laying off workers at its Marietta, Georgia, plant and elsewhere if Congress approves the fiscal 2006 budget proposed by President Bush. The budget for fiscal 2006, which starts Oct. 1, maps out plans to end production of Lockheed's F/A-22, meant to replace the F-15 as the top U.S. air-to-air fighter, after 2009, and would cut the company's C-130J cargo plane from 2006. The cuts, totaling $10.5 billion and $4.9 billion, respectively, could have serious consequences for Lockheed's Marietta plant.
Las Vegas Sands Corp. announced that the Sands Macao has opened the luxurious Pearl Room, a new themed gaming room bedecked with sparkling pearl chandeliers situated adjacent to the main lobby of the Sands Macao. The new Pearl Room features 17,000 sq. feet of space hosting 40 gaming tables, including baccarat, fan tan, Caribbean stud poker, three card baccarat, blackjack, big and small, and roulette, in addition to 180 slot machines specially designed for the Asian market.
SITEL Corp. announced the launch of a new global business unit SITEL Global Services (SGS). The new business will provide specialized contact center professional services to corporations who wish to deliver world-class customer services and product support or manage customer acquisition in the global marketplace. Also, the business will be building, marketing and promoting contact center products and services for sale to both SITEL clients and the in-house contact center market.
Pall Corp. launched a comprehensive line of chromatography sorbents. These industry-proven sorbents from Pall greatly simplify protein separation and purification for biotechnology drug discovery, development and production. The integration of this broad range of chromatography media with Pall 's extensive portfolio of membranes, protein purification technologies and services establishes Pall Life Sciences as a single-source provider of the full spectrum of scaleable filtration and separation products for total process solutions in the biopharmaceutical industry.Pall also announces the opening of its first two Process Proteomicssm Service Centers, where researchers and manufacturers can access technology to rapidly develop multi-step chromatographic purification schemes using even small quantities of protein samples.
Maytag Corp. plans to lay off more workers at its washer and dryer plant in its hometown as the company reduces production of some product lines to avoid building up inventory. Since last year, Maytag has laid off about 330 production workers in Newton, cutting the hourly work force to about 1,430 people. In 2002, the work force was around 2,200.
Woodburn Company Stores announced that Nike Inc. has signed as its first tenant for a new $1.6 million expansion at the property. The Nike Factory Store will anchor the new addition, and will occupy 15,000-square feet of a 23,500-square foot expansion. The construction plan will allow Nike to open this November in time for the holiday shopping season. The Nike Factory Store will employ approximately 40 employees, as well as additional staff needed on a seasonal basis. The store also brings Nike's factory store count in Oregon to four, with other factory stores located in Bend, Portland and Seaside. In addition, Nike retail stores are located in Eugene at 296 East 5th Avenue and at the Portland International Airport; the company's first NikeTown opened on SW 6th and Salmon in downtown Portland in 1990.
Playtex Products Inc. announced that it plans to cut more than 300 jobs as part of a move to improve its focus on core products. Playtex also announced that it will outsource some production under the program. Playtex said it would outsource the production of latex and disposable gloves to Malaysia and reduce office space in its corporate headquarters.
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.'s turnaround efforts began in earnest with the layoff of about 125 workers, or 25% of the work force, at its corporate headquarters and other key facilities. The struggling doughnut chain also said it was getting rid of its corporate jet to conserve cash. The company said the cuts would affect workers about one quarter of the workers at its Winston-Salem headquarters and at plants where doughnut mix is made, equipment is manufactured and doughnuts are distributed.
Dow Chemical Co., The plans to close its South Charleston Alkyl Alkanolamines plant in the next two to three years and move production to a new facility in Louisiana. The new Specialty Alkanolamines plant is scheduled to open in Plaquemine, La., in early 2007. It will replace both the South Charleston plant and production at the company's operations in Midland, Mich., Dow stated. About 20 to 30 employees work at the South Charleston facility or provide support for it. Company officials do not know how many will be affected by the plant's closure. Dow said the new plant in Plaquemine will have extensive product-mix flexibility to meet changing market demands.
Sears Roebuck & Co. announced that it will launch a new store format in the spring called Sears Essentials. The new off-mall stores will feature home and consumer products -- a combination of traditional Kmart and Sears offerings.
Northrop Grumman Corp. established a new business area Directed Energy Systems to help transition high-energy laser systems from the laboratory to warfighters, the most advanced of which will be able to engage mortars, rockets, artillery and other threats to protect U.S. and allied military and civilian populations and assets.Art Stephenson, a 28-year company veteran and former director of NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center, has been named as vice president of the DES unit. Stephenson, 62, is responsible for Northrop Grumman's work on chemical lasers, solid-state lasers and rocket-based engagement systems. Chemical laser programs include the ABL and the THEL testbed. Solid-state lasers include the Joint High Power Solid-State Laser and the Strategic Illuminator Laser.
General Electric Co.'s aircraft engine overhaul unit at Dallas Love Field is slated to close at the end of the year, eliminating 170 jobs, because carriers need less repair work. The company plans to let go 90 of the workers on April 1. Workers at the GE Engine Services facility can apply at other GE facilities, but there will not be automatic transfers. GE Engine Services plans to keep open its facility located near Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. About 20 employees work at the site located on FAA Boulevard.
General Motors' Broening Highway assembly plant announced that it will make its final van May 13. The plant's 1,100 workers learned of the official closing. The company announced in November that it was closing the 70-year-old plant this year, and GM stopped taking orders for the vans made there. The plant closure is expected to cost GM up to $6 million a month in employee compensation and benefits. The company also will write off a pretax, noncash charge of $52 million, or $32 million after taxes, for plant assets.
According to sources, Neiman Marcus Group Inc. Might be looking for a buyer. Sources add that Neiman met with bankers from Goldman Sachs last week and have been working with consulting firm McKinsey & Co. to consider "strategic options."
Spartech Corp. has said that it would close or sell four plants after higher material, health-care, freight and utilities costs hurt fiscal first-quarter profit. Spartech will sell a plant in Cornwell, Ontario, that makes products for automotive-packaging and distribution customers, and it will either close or sell a plant in El Monte, California. Two other "less productive" operations will be combined with existing ones.
Starbucks Corp. plans to add about 1,500 new locations this year as the retailer steps up openings in the face of slowing sales gains at older stores. Sales at stores open at least 13 months will rise as much as 7% this year, down from 10% last year and a return to the company's normal pace.
Caterpillar Inc. announced the creation of Caterpillar Global Pipeline, a new division within Caterpillar that will have a global focus on the pipeline construction industry. Caterpillar Global Pipeline will also provide commercial support to PipeLine Machinery International and assure the focus is in alignment with Caterpillar's worldwide marketing regions and districts, providing support for long duration projects or cooperative efforts between the dealers to meet customer requirements.
Computer Associates International Inc. has opened its first regional customer support centre in Beirut. The new centre testifies to Lebanon's readiness to be the host of the support centre industry in the region.
Hexcel Corp. announced that it will expand its carbon fiber production capacity through the addition of both a new carbon fiber line and a new precursor line. The expansion will be completed within three years, increasing Hexcel's carbon fiber production capacity by about 40%. In the near term, Hexcel is increasing the output of its existing carbon operations through incremental capacity improvements.
DaVita Inc. will open a 7,000-square-foot dialysis center late this fall in Tacoma. The facility will house 21 dialysis treatment stations, which will be able to accommodate 126 patients. Many dialysis patients seek treatment while waiting for a kidney transplant. Others are completing a pre-transplant medical work-up.
Whole Foods Market Inc. was particularly looking forward to two new store openings: an 80,000-square-foot location in Austin, Texas on March 3, 2005 and a 50,000-square-foot market on Union Square in New York on March 17, 2005, the retailer's third Manhattan store.
In a bid to improve the company’s performance and balance sheet, Sara Lee Corp. plans to spin off the balance of its apparel business, Branded Apparel, Americas/Asia, into an independent, publicly traded company. The decision comes in wake of Sara Lee planning to re-organize its business operations around distinct consumers, customers and geographic markets in order to build functional excellence, increase strategic focus, simplify the organization and eliminate layers.
SBC Communications Inc. announced that SBC FreedomLink Wi-Fi service is available throughout The Merchandise Mart, creating the largest SBC hot spot in the city. The common areas and meeting rooms located on the first and second floors of 350 W. Mart Center have SBC hot spots. Additionally, the SBC Wi-Fi service is available on several floors of The Merchandise Mart to provide Wi-Fi access for the many annual visitors. A total of 26 Wi-Fi Internet access points have been made available throughout The Merchandise Mart and 350 W. Mart Center. SBC companies will promote the availability of the FreedomLink Wi-Fi service through signage and brochures located throughout the buildings.
Atari Inc. plans to shut down its offices in Beverly and Santa Monica, Calif. An unknown number of the 70 Beverly employees will be offered jobs in Atari's New York office.
AnnTaylor Stores Corp. revised earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2004. For the fourth quarter, the Company estimates that it will record net loss in the range of $0.14 - $0.18 per share on a diluted basis versus previous guidance of $0.00 - $0.04 For the full year, the company expects earnings per share of $0.89 - $0.93 on a diluted basis versus previous guidance of $1.04 - $1.08.For the first quarter of 2005, the Company currently expects to achieve comparable store sales results in the low single-digit negative to flat range. The company projects earnings per share on a diluted basis for the first quarter in the range of $0.27 - $0.30.During fiscal 2005, the Company plans to open approximately 85 - 100 stores comprised of approximately 8 - 10 Ann Taylor stores, approximately 70 - 75 Ann Taylor Loft stores and approximately 10 - 15 Ann Taylor Factory stores. In the first quarter of fiscal 2005, the Company plans to open three new Ann Taylor stores and 13 new Ann Taylor Loft stores.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced its store in Saguenay will close after staff unionized. Employees at stores in North Battleford and Weyburn are trying to unionize.
Whole Foods Market Inc. is opening new store in Thousand Oaks on March 9 to replace the 16-year-old site the chain has since outgrown. The Woodland Hills store is being renovated to make room for larger floral and bakery sections as well. The new Thousand Oaks store will cover 35,000 square feet, nearly double the size of its current location. By the end of 2006 the company plans to open 10 new locations. There are six new stores planned for Southern California alone, including the Thousand Oaks location.
Wild Oats Markets will open a new store at 6930 Highland Drive. The 25,000-square-foot Highland Place store will employ about 100 workers and will feature a Holistic Health Center along with its Wild Oats Kitchen and fresh, organic and regionally grown fruits and vegetables. The grand opening celebration will begin Wednesday, at 8:45 a.m. Opening-day festivities include free samples and product giveaways.
American Power Company plans to enter the accessories business with notebook and mobility solutions. It will offer products like notebook cases with integrated charging features, notebook batteries, USB devices, biometric password managers and biometric mice. APC will introduce these articles in India at very competitive prices, after test marketing in the United States. APC will use its existing network of channel partners for the launch.
Arrow OEM Computing Solutions has added another new business with an eye to fulfilling its strategy to establish a strong presence in emerging and high-growth markets. The division of Arrow Electronics announced a vertical market unit designed to provide manufacturing and value-added services to prime and sub-prime contractors to the Federal government, primarily in the defense and aerospace sectors. This most recent new unit launch follows additional launches in 2004 of vertical units focusing on healthcare and communications manufacturing companies.
Michaels Stores Inc. announced that it will open its third Star Decorators Wholesale in Scottsdale, AZ in March 2005. The 30,000 square foot store will offer more than 15,000 SKUs, providing a complete line of merchandise for interior decorators and designers, retail florists and floral designers, wedding and event planners, gift shop owners, and other professionals. Included in its broad assortment will be permanent and dried botanicals, floral supplies and accessories, ribbon, containers, party and wedding supplies, and a vast array of seasonal products. The Star Decorators Wholesale concept is distinctly different from the Company's retail stores in design, products, service, and ambience. Headquartered within Michaels' corporate office, it is a separate operation with its own management and merchandising team under the direction of Duane Hiemenz, Senior Vice President of New Business Development.
Perot Systems Corp. announced the formation of the Clinical Solutions Center, a new organization of specialists dedicated to helping healthcare providers achieve the vision of clinical transformation, and improved quality and cost outcomes. The Solutions Center is also working to help providers with the cost of clinical initiatives through unique self funding models. Perot Systems has been assisting hospitals, health systems, and physicians with clinical change initiatives for more than ten years, and has now moved to centralize its clinical resources, best practices and project management methodologies into one organization.
United Parcel Service Inc. announced the expansion of its service portfolio to the ten new EU Member States, by making UPS Return Services and UPS Collect on Delivery (COD) available across the entire EU, Norway and Switzerland. With the introduction of the Returns portfolio UPS can now help customers in these countries meet all their reverse logistics needs. In addition, Collect on Delivery - where UPS collects payments for the delivered goods on behalf of its customers - gives customers a financially secure safe way to explore new business opportunities.
Best Buy announced signed lease agreements for 28 store locations in 18 states, consistent with the company's previously announced plans to open approximately 60 domestic Best Buy stores during its 2006 fiscal year, which begins on February 27, 2005. The new stores, which will be located in both existing and new markets for Best Buy, are expected to create more than 3,500 new jobs in retail sales, management and service. The company announced that it intends to open new store locations in Atlanta and New York City, continuing its development activities in downtown urban areas. The company also announced that it plans to extend its presence in California, Georgia, Illinois, Missouri, Oregon and Texas. In addition, the company expects to add its first new store since 2002 in its hometown metropolitan area of Minneapolis/St. Paul.
LeapFrog Enterprises Inc. reported that it cut about 180 jobs earlier this month, a 16 % reduction from its previous payroll of 1,100 workers. The purge is part of an effort to lower LeapFrog's annual expenses by $35 million to $40 million. The company announced the resignation of its chief operating officer, Fred Forsyth, and the hiring of a new chief information officer, Rob Moon. A member of LeapFrog's board of directors, Jeff Berg, resigned. LeapFrog co-founder Michael Wood, have departed since the company's sales slide began.
Eastman Kodak is expanding the focus of its medical imaging business from radiology to a broader range of hospital-wide digital equipment and technology in areas including surgery, pharmacy and cardiology.
SBC Communications Inc. to start a television service in November even though the company doesn't have any subscribers or agreements with companies that own television channels and faces numerous regulatory obstacles.
Cardinal Health Inc. announced that its board of directors has authorized the purchase up to $500 million of its common shares as management deems appropriate. The company expects to reduce its 58,000 global workforce by 4,200 during first phase, primarily through business consolidations and process improvements, resulting in the closing of approximately 25 facilities worldwide.
The North American Computer Products group of Arrow Electronics Inc. announced that Arrow VARs can now deliver leasing solutions to their end-user customers through a new financial vehicle, Arrow Electronics Global Financial Solutions. Arrow Electronics Global Financial Solutions will be the primary leasing program available to VARs working with Arrow's MOCA and Enterprise Storage Solutions divisions, yet is available to VARs doing business with any of Arrow's enterprise computing divisions.
Circuit City Stores Inc. announced the closing of 19 Superstores, five regional offices and one distribution center by the end of the month, as well as the sale of a corporate building, continuing its initiatives to improve the company's overall financial performance. In addition to the store closings, the company will close a distribution center located in Doswell, Va. The 400,000 square foot facility will close at the end of the month. Expenses associated with the distribution center closing are not expected to be material. The company also sold one of the buildings at its corporate headquarters campus to Perimeter Center, LLC., an affiliate of Daniel Realty. The 188,120 square foot building, known as Deep Run II, opened in July 1994.
Cray Inc. will soon establish a supercomputing center of excellence at the Department of Energy's (DOE) Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL). The Cray Supercomputing Center of Excellence will support the DOE's plans to build the world's most powerful supercomputer for open (non-classified) scientific research at ORNL. DOE recently signed a contract for Cray to increase the capability of DOE's National Leadership Computing Facility at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory by fielding a 20-teraflop (trillions of calculations per second) Cray X1E(TM) scalable vector system and a 20-teraflop Cray XT3(TM) massively parallel superscalar system in 2005. The contract also has options for upgrades to 100 and 250 peak teraflops, which are contingent on Congressional funding. The DOE's National Leadership Computing Capability for Science, as provided by the ORNL supercomputer, will help ensure that the U.S. retains its primacy in critical areas of science and technology, and will enable breakthroughs in areas such as biotechnology, climate change, nanoscience, fusion energy, astrophysics and others.
Disney Online, part of the Walt Disney Internet Group, announced a highly-anticipated expansion in Disney's Toontown Online, the first massively multiplayer (MMP) game for kids and families. The new area, Cashbot Cog Headquarters (HQ), is designed for advanced players and delivers more challenging gameplay, platform style puzzles and a completely new eight-person boss battle. Cashbot HQ is part of plan to evolve and grow Toontown over time. The area offers completely new challenges and environments for players - it's really a game within a game.
Wal-Mart has given official notice it intends to lay off workers at its Jonquiere store on May 6. The government said it has received the notice, which was postmarked Feb. 12. With more than 100 jobs at stake, the company is required to give at least 12 weeks' notice under Quebec's labour code.
Novellus Systems Inc. launched the Novellus Development Co., a venture fund focused on strengthening Novellus' technology portfolio for both existing and new potential market opportunities.Incorporated in Delaware, with $10 million in seed money, the company will work under the direction of Wilbert Van den Hoek, chief technology officer of Novellus Systems. Van den Hoek will serve as president and chief executive of the new venture, while continuing to serve as technology officer of the parent company. Van den Hoek intends to take an active role as board member in portfolio companies. As technology officer and executive vice president of integration and advanced development, Van den Hoek has most recently been responsible for Novellus' research and development and customer unit process integration activities.
8x8 Inc. announced it has added 987 new U.S. rate centers for Local Inbound Service and 660 rate centers for E911 service to all Packet8 broadband calling plans. Using (3)VoIP(SM) Local Inbound Service from Level 3 Communications Inc. Packet8 residential VoIP service now covers 3,883 U.S. rate centers, significantly increasing the availability of the service throughout the country. The additional E911 rate centers broaden the availability of this optional Packet8 service feature to a total of 1607 rate centers including newly added cities such as Dallas, Louisville, Memphis, Flagstaff and Spokane.
Wilson Greatbatch Technologies Inc. announced that it cut 4% of its workforce in January as part of a savings plan after fourth- quarter sales fell.
International Business Machines Corp. announced that it plans to invest $100 million over three years to expand Linux support across its Workplace software portfolio. The investment will focus on products including WebSphere Portal, Lotus Notes/Domino and IBM Workplace. It will also be used for ISV support programmes, channel/partner initiatives, research and development, marketing and various technology and integration centres.
GE Thailand expects that its new GE Money retail bank will be open for operations by December. The new bank would give the company the ability to expand its product offerings to retail customers and small businesses. The GE Money retail bank will be positioned in a new market space. It aims to become a one-stop financial service provider offering a wide range of financial products to cater to the needs of Thai customers. The new bank will enhance its ability to offer new types of products. The new bank is one of a handful of new banks to open this year under the financial sector master plan.
Gehl Co. has launched an $8.7 million expansion of its Yankton, SD manufacturing and research and development (R&D) facilities. The expansion will add additional manufacturing space and equipment to the Yankton plant, which manufactures telescopic handlers and pavers for the Gehl and Mustang brands. It will also expand manufacturing capacity to accommodate manufacturing several models of telescopic handlers under a license Agreement with Manitou BF S.A. of france.
The building where now-global Startek Inc. got its start in Greeley in 1987 will soon be closed. Employees of the company's supply chain division were notified that the company is closing up shop and moving supply operations to its Clarksville, Tenn., operation, which is three times bigger and is closer to clients where the company ships the products it assembles. The closure could affect up to 40 employees, a company employee said.
Spiegel Inc. filed a reorganization plan that calls for the company to close 34 of its Eddie Bauer furniture stores and lay off 8% of its work force.
Acuity Brands Inc. plans to cut 1,100 jobs and take a $17 million pretax charge in its fiscal second quarter. The maker of lighting and specialty chemicals expects the job cuts will reduce operating costs by at least $13 million in the second half of fiscal 2005 and about $50 million annually by the end of calendar year 2005. The ongoing company-wide restructuring, which includes facility consolidations and process improvement initiatives, involves its business units, Acuity Brands Lighting and Acuity Specialty Products as well as its corporate office.
Copart Inc. announced the opening of its second salvage facility in the state of Tennessee and it's 20th in its Southeastern region. The greenfield facility located in Knoxville, Tennessee will add needed capacity in the eastern part of the state, which is currently serviced by yards in Nashville, Tennessee; Lexington, Kentucky and China Grove, North Carolina.
Lands' End, which was purchased by Sears Roebuck & Co. in 2002, will close its telephone center here by putting some 435 full-time, part-time and seasonal workers out of work. The company in a statement said the job losses are part of an overall restructuring. Lands' End sales fell last year by mid-single digits.
Lands' End announced that it is restructuring business operations to respond to changing customer shopping habits. As a result, the workforce will be reduced by approximately 200 full-time positions, 175 part-time positions and a number of seasonal positions. This decision affects levels and divisions throughout the company and includes the closing of the Cross Plains call center effective June 5, 2005.
Lands' End Inc. plans to close a phone center and eliminate 375 full-time and part-time jobs in a companywide restructuring. Thirty full-time and 160 part-time jobs will be cut at the Cross Plains call center, which is closing in June, said Cynthia Hardie. The remaining job cuts will be made at the company's Dodgeville headquarters, and include full-time and part-time positions. The company will offer a severance package to laid off workers that includes outplacement and educational assistance.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. will open more than 70 new hotels in 2005 and 2006 in choice destinations around the globe. Nearly half of these new hotels are outside of the United States, marking an exciting period of global development for the hotel giant.
Whole Foods Market will celebrate the grand opening of its Austin landmark store and world headquarters on March 3. The opening coincides with the Austin-born company's 25th anniversary year. Even more than any other Whole Foods Market location, this landmark store represents a fresh and often surprising approach to the grocery shopping experience, as cooking demonstrations, food sampling, sit- down dining and takeout selections mingle with thousands of fresh and all natural ingredients in every department. Located just blocks from where Whole Foods Market began as a small neighborhood grocer 25 years ago, the new store at the corner of Sixth Street and Lamar Boulevard is the company's largest, at 80,000 square feet. Though much larger in size, the store retains the charm and accessibility of its first location, with an intimate, village-style layout and passionate, attentive Team Members eager to assist guests.
The new SG-1590 tri-focus X-ray tube is a direct replacement for the Siemens Mega 125/15/40/82C. The SG-1590 is designed to be loaded into the original manufacturer's housing and to calibrate as if it were an OEM tube. It is designed for general radiography, digital, and film screen angiography procedures. The new tube joins an extensive line-up of replacement X-ray tubes that are available through Varian's Interay X-ray tube aftermarket business. Varian Interay also offers replacement X-ray tubes for CT scanners from Philips/Picker, Siemens, Elscint, and GE, as well as diagnostic X-ray tubes for use in imaging systems.Varian Inc. also announced that it has formed Varian Surgical Sciences, a new organization that initially will develop and market the company's advanced X-ray imaging and treatment technologies for radiosurgical solutions in the estimated $250 million neurosurgery market.
AT&T Corp. announced that it has increased its global Wireless Fidelity (WiFi) and Wired Ethernet remote access footprint to more than 10,000 sites in more than 35 countries. AT&T's hotspots in the U.S. include key business venues such as major hotels, convention centers, brand-name bookstores and cafes, as well as more than 70 airports. AT&T's total number of locations now comprises 9,094 WiFi hotspots -- 5,770 in the United States and 3,324 in the rest of the world -- plus an existing global footprint of 1,551 Wired Ethernet locations. AT&T has integrated the new locations into its world-class mobile client to ensure service availability, as well as interoperability with AT&T's managed virtual private network client, personal firewalls and policy management capabilities.
According to sources, Kerr-McGee has engaged an investment bank to examine spinning off its lucrative chemicals division. Sources add that the company has not yet named the bank or offered any timetable for a possible sale.
Nextel Communications Inc. announced that it has completed an expansion of its wireless network in Western Massachusetts. The expansion takes in communities along Routes 2, 7 and 8 and along the Massachusetts Turnpike to West Stockbridge. Customers in the expanded service area now have access to Nextel's digital direct connect, wireless data and traditional cellular services.
CDW Corp. announced that the signing of a lease for a 513,240 square-foot distribution center to be constructed in North Las Vegas, Nevada. The company expects the new facility to be completed and operational by year end. The new facility will predominantly serve customers located in the Western United States and complements CDW's existing 450,000 square-foot Vernon Hills, Ill. distribution center, which is nearing capacity following two expansions to its current size. Capital expenditures for the new distribution center are expected to be between $30 and $40 million in 2005 for machinery, equipment and leasehold improvements. CDW expects to incur between $5 and $6 million of operating and start-up costs related to the facility, primarily in the third and fourth quarters of 2005. Under current plans, CDW's North Las Vegas distribution facility will feature a product configuration center in a clean-room type setting.
United Rentals Inc. announced the opening of its new National Accounts Customer Service Center in Shelton, Conn. The state-of-the-art facility is staffed by seven full-time customer service professionals who provide the company's largest accounts with a single point of contact for equipment rentals and sales, and contractor supplies.
Pericom Semiconductor Corp. announced its plans to cut 25 employees and take a restructuring charge up of to $250,000 in the fiscal third quarter.
Verizon will open a new customer support center for advanced fiber-optic services in this town just east of Syracuse and create up to 50 new jobs this year. Employees in the new Fiber Solutions Center (FSC) will support consumers and business customers who purchase new broadband products and video services over Verizon's fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) network. The new center will take calls from customers across several states served by Verizon. 
Quaker Fabric Corp. which has been losing customers to the trendy leather and suede fabric manufacturers, announced that it will lay off 275 production workers, or 11 % of its 2,500 employees. The layoffs, which follow another 100-job cut last year, will begin in the next few weeks and affect 11 plants in Fall River, Somerset and Brockton. It was unclear whether any of the nonunion workers would be given severance pay.
Microsoft Corp. will open branch in Kaohsiung, with the upcoming branch, which will have the space of around 80 pings, it aims to provide a localized service to the clients of southern Taiwan. In the past, the company's staff had to fly down from Taipei to the south to serve its customers. It is looking to have four to five sales staff, and a team of technical support staff to offer before and after-sales services. This is one of the moves from Microsoft to penetrate the small business segment.
United Parcel Service Inc. will close its only sorting hub for heavy airline freight in 2006, eliminating 1,400 jobs. A small number of workers may be offered jobs at other UPS locations, with the remaining employees given severance pay and job counseling.
Interchange Corp. announced that the company's SMS LOCAL(TM) wireless local-search and nationwide directory assistance beta is now also available on text-message enabled mobile phones and devices on the Cingular, AT&T, and T-Mobile networks. SMS LOCAL was previously available only on the Verizon and Nextel wireless networks. Using the shortcode 56225 (L-0-C-A-L on most phones), SMS LOCAL provides fast access to millions of national and local U.S. business listings by product, service, business name, and location, including proximity to landmarks. SMS LOCAL returns listings containing business name, address, phone number, and distance.
Nucor Corp. announced plans for the addition of two vacuum degassers; one at the sheet mill in Decatur, Alabama, and the second at the sheet mill in Hickman, Arkansas. Once operational, the new vacuum degassers will result in an estimated combined additional capacity of 1,000,000 tons. Total capital expenditures for each project are estimated to be under $20.0 million.
United Parcel Service Inc. announced an $82.5 million expansion at its Louisville air hub. UPS said it will build a 700,000-square-foot facility at the Louisville air hub to position it as its main heavy airline freight sorting site. The expansion will create 720 new jobs initially. UPS said the expansion is expected to create 120 new full-time jobs and 600 part-time jobs at the start of the new operation. Within 10 years, the expansion should create 400 full-time jobs.
First Data Corp. has created a new business unit called First Data Mobile Solutions, which will focus on developing mobile payments and related services.
Pepsico Inc. will open a plant in Suape, in the Pernambuco state. The initial investment will be of R $18 million. Initially the plant will make Elma Chips and later on it will produce cereals and derivatives of the Quaker brand.
Symmetry Medical Inc. announced the completion of major facility expansions including 2 existing facilities and the development of 2 new facilities. The total cost of the expansions and development was $8.5 million, all of which had been previously financed. The expansions and development of the company's facilities included the following the addition of 9,000 square feet to the Avilla, Indiana trauma and spine instrument and implant facility, the addition of 22,000 square feet of space to the Sheffield, U.K. facility for the production of knee, hip and shoulder implants, the opening of a new, 22,500 square foot facility for knee instrument design and manufacturing in Claypool, Indiana, and the opening of a new, 6,400 square foot Design and Development Center in Memphis, Tennessee.
Sears Roebuck and Co. announced that it will cut about 6% of the workforce at its Lands' End division. The company reported 200 full-time and 175 part-time jobs will be cut because shoppers buy less of their clothing through catalogs and over the telephone. Lands' End reported an additional 300 seasonal jobs will be cut as well. Nearly half of the cuts will occur when a call center in Cross Plains, Wis., closes June 5. The rest will come from the headquarters of Lands' End in Dodgeville.
Alcoa announced that it has completed the 250,000 metric ton per year (mtpy) expansion of its alumina refinery in Paranam, Suriname six months ahead of schedule. The 250,000 mtpy expansion, completed at a total cost of approximately $65 million or approximately $260/ton, brings the facility's total capacity to approximately 2.2 million mtpy.
Electronic Arts Inc. announced that The Sims(TM) 2 University, the highly-anticipated expansion pack to the best-selling PC game The Sims 2 will ship starting in North America under the EA GAMES(TM) brand. In September 2004, The Sims 2 shipped as the next generation sequel to the best selling PC game of all time, The Sims(TM). The Sims 2 skyrocketed to the top of the charts quickly becoming a blockbuster hit among its fans and critics. As the first expansion pack for this PC phenomenon, players will be able to take their Sims and live out their ultimate college fantasy. Developed by the award-winning EA Maxis studio, The Sims 2 University will introduce a new young-adult stage of life, 4 new career paths, new influence gameplay and over 125 new objects. The Sims 2 University allows players to explore a whole new stage of life as young adults and introduces college-related wants and fears that are ultimately tied to their Sims' social life and academic goals. The Sims 2 University also introduces influence gameplay allowing players to earn influence points to have other Sims do certain tasks for them such as homework, term papers, cleaning up the fraternity house or even pulling pranks on other Sims.
Internap Network Services Corp. announced the launch of Internap Professional Services, an organization designed to help companies build and optimize IP-based networks to meet the specific goals of their businesses. Internap Professional Services combines a deep understanding of IP route optimization technologies and real-world experience with the industry's leading network- and premised-based solutions to deliver an unprecedented range of skills and capabilities. Enterprises looking to move critical applications to the Internet or to improve the performance of existing IP-based services will benefit from this experienced group of network architects and IP professionals.
Northrop Grumman Corp. announced the opening of its newly consolidated Remotec Inc. robotics facility at 353 JD Yarnell Parkway in the Eagle Bend Industrial Park. The new 75,000 square foot engineering, manufacturing and administrative office building consolidates what had been four separate, less-modern facilities to enable smoother operations and communication flow between business and production components.
Hershey Foods Corp. announced that it has formed two new business groups -- a U.S. Confectionery business group and a U.S. Snacks business group -- in order to strengthen its leadership within the confectionery segment and expand its presence in the broader snacks market. Thomas K. Hernquist, the company's current Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, has been named Senior Vice President, President U.S. Confectionery. Hernquist, in his new role, will lead Hershey's domestic chocolate and confectionery businesses.
International Business Machines Corp. announced it will invest $300 million in new services, programs, consulting and education to help Business Partners increase revenue opportunities in the small and mid-sized businesses (SMB) technology services marketplace. The initiative delivers important enhancements to IBM's company-wide commitment to SMB clients and the Business Partners who serve them.
International Business Machines Corp. is expanding last year's investment of $1 billion, that was used to create the IBM PartnerWorld Industry Network for ISVs (PWIN), by supporting more customers in more vertical sectors. PWIM would now also address education and learning, fabrication and assembly, media and entertainment, and wholesale distribution. Additionally, IBM is dedicating a further 1,000 sales people, with specific industry and geographic expertise, to work with ISVs. IBM's software strategy is to provide platforms and middleware for ISVs' applications to run on.
General Electric Co. plans to eliminate 54 jobs at its plant in Mebane, the company has announced. The staff reduction is the result of a decline in orders affecting several production lines.
Computer Sciences Corp. (CSC) announced the formation of its Applied Technology Division (ATD), an organization within the company's Federal Sector business unit. The division consolidates and integrates Federal Sector operations that provide managed engineering services, including infrastructure, mission and range support. ATD is comprised primarily of CSC's DynCorp Technical Services division, which was not part of the DynCorp. business units that CSC sold on Feb. 11, 2005.
Johnson Outdoors Inc. announced plans to reduce the Company's workforce by more than 70 positions at its Binghamton, New York facility due to a significant decline in military tent sales. The Company has formally notified employees and state and local officials of the pending permanent reduction in accordance with the WARN Act.
Wabash National Corp. announced that its board of directors approved two major capital investment programs to maintain the company's position as the premier trailer manufacturer. The board approved $10 million for the first phase of what is anticipated to be a $40 million multi-year program to replace four trailer assembly lines. Additionally, the board approved $20 million for engineering and business process systems improvements. When completed, the new assembly process will result in lower production costs and improved safety and product quality.
Manhattan Associates Inc. opened the doors of its new and expanded Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) testing facility in Atlanta, Georgia. The purpose of the new facility is to increase Manhattan Associates' product assessment capabilities for its customers.
Neenah Paper announced its intention to close the smaller of its two pulp mills at its Terrace Bay, Ontario pulp operation. The No. 1 mill, originally built in 1948, has annual capacity of approximately 125,000 metric tons of pulp.
McDonald's opened its first restaurant. The company is in the expansion mode, especially in Visayas and Mindanao area, that is why ventured in Zamboanga City as pilot point (in western Mindanao).
RadioShack Corp. announced that it is commemorating the grand opening of its new 900,000 square foot World Headquarters Riverfront Campus in downtown Fort Worth.
Manugistics Group Inc. announced a newly-formed specialized business unit. The company also announced the formation of three other SBUs - Retail, Government and Revenue Management. Manugistics Group Inc. named Ronald Kubera as Senior Vice President of Consumer Goods, a newly-formed specialized business unit. Kubera will report directly to Manugistics CEO Joe Cowan. Kubera brings more than 20 years experience in global services and support. Recently, Kubera was SVP of Global Services and Support where he was responsible for all client service and support activities for Manugistics' products and solutions. Prior to that, Kubera spent two years as SVP for Northern Europe leading sales and client management in the United Kingdom and Nordic regions, and seven years in various consulting roles where he was responsible for building the company's strong record of solutions delivery. Before Manugistics, he directed production and distribution planning for the Arm & Hammer Division of Church & Dwight Co. Inc.
McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurants Inc. reported preliminary and unaudited operating results for its fourth quarter and full year ended December 25, 2004. The company's revenues for the fourth quarter of 2004 increased 19.9% to $64.9 million from $54.1 million in the same period a year ago. Operating income for the fourth quarter of 2004 was $5.4 million, or 8.3% of revenues, compared to $0.5 million, or 0.9% of revenues, in the prior year period. The company's Income before income tax expense was $5.1 million against loss before income tax benefit of $3.6 million reported in prior year period. Comparable restaurant sales increased 3.6%.The company's revenues for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2004 increased 21.4% to $238.8 million from $196.7 million in the same period a year ago. The company's loss before income tax benefit was $1.3 million against loss before income tax benefit of $1.7 million reported in prior year period. Comparable restaurant sales increased 3.8%The Company expects first quarter 2005 revenues of approximately $60.0 million to $61.0 million, and comparable restaurant sales increase of approximately 2% to 3%.For fiscal 2005, the Company is maintaining its previously announced guidance of revenues between $265.0 million and $270.0 million.The Company intends to open seven new restaurants in 2005. The Company intends to open one new restaurant during the first quarter of 2005.
Silicon Graphics Inc. reported that on February 24, 2005, the Company began to implement restructuring actions with notifications to affected employees in the U.S. and certain international locations. Notifications were substantially completed in the U.S. in February 2005 with the balance to follow over a reasonable period. This restructuring is expected to reduce the total number of positions by approximately 200.
Solutia Inc. will build a new production line at a plant in Anniston, Ala., for production of two aviation fluids - Skydrol hydraulic fluids and SkyKleen cleaning solvents. St. Louis-based Solutia will add the production unit at an existing plant. The facility will open late this year or early next year. When it does, Solutia will shut down a St. Louis plant that currently makes both products. 
Kraft has decided to halt production of lollies shaped like animal roadkill. Animal rights activists criticised the product, fruit-flavoured Trolli Roadkill Gummi candy, saying it encouraged acts of cruelty.
Timken Co. will close a tube piercing and pickling mill at its Wooster steel plant and move the work to its Gambrinus mill in Stark County. The 30 workers affected in Wooster would be transferred to Gambrinus. The consolidation is expected to be complete by April 1.
General Motors Corporation announced jobs cut. Ruesselsheim is GM's biggest plant in Europe, with some 20,000 workers. The company has said it plans to cut 2,700 jobs from the plant as part of restructuring its European operations.
IKON Office Solutions Inc. announced that it has discontinued its Business Document Services unit, Mimeo.com and announced an IKON Conversion Program offering affected customers instant access to Mimeo.com services.
Best Buy Co. Inc. announced that it had signed lease agreements for 28 stores that will create 3,500 new jobs. Best Buy plans to open 60 stores for its fiscal year that begins Feb. 27. The 20,000-square-foot store will hire about 100 employees. A job fair is planned sometime in May. The store is a small market store, roughly half the size of the company's largest stores, which are about 45,000 square feet.
Choicepoint Inc. announced that the company will discontinue the sale of information products that contain sensitive consumer data, including social security and driver's license numbers, except where there is a specific consumer driven transaction or benefit, or where the products support federal, state or local government and criminal justice purposes. ChoicePoint will continue to serve most of its core markets and customers, but these actions will have an impact on the scope of products offered to some customers and the availability of information products in certain market segments, particularly small businesses. The transition will begin immediately and is expected to be substantially completed within 90 days.
General Motors Corporation will cut about 60 jobs at its Lansing Craft Centre because of cuts of production of the Chevrolet SSR roadster, a union official says. The automaker is in the middle of a temporary shutdown at the plant through March 14 at the earliest. When Lansing Craft Centre employees return to work from their Jan. 31 temporary layoff, they will produce 40 SSRs a day, down from 70 a day. Brian Fredline, president of United Auto Workers Local 1618, announced that at the new production rate, there could be a 15% cut, or 60 of the 400 hourly workers. GM announced that it would stop production in May at the Lansing Car Assembly Plant. Many of the 2,950 hourly employees are expected to fill positions at GM's new Lansing Delta Township Assembly Plant, starting next year.
Education Management Corporation announced the addition of Joe Charlson as Senior Vice President - Strategic Marketing, and new responsibilities for David J. Pauldine, Executive Vice President and President of The Art Institutes. In his new role, Mr. Charlson will provide leadership to all marketing areas within EDMC and further define key student market segments and marketing strategies to better identify and reach those potential students who will benefit from an education at an EDMC school. Before joining EDMC, Mr. Charlson co-led a $1.5 billion retail pharmacy business for Target. David J. Pauldine served as Chief Marketing Officer of EDMC prior to his new responsibilities. As part of this organizational change, Mr. Pauldine will continue to direct the overall admissions process and lead The Art Institutes while assuming additional duties of leading the Company's start-ups team.Education Management Corporation opened five new school locations during fiscal year 2005 and has plans to open a minimum of five additional locations in fiscal year 2005.
Marriott International Inc. unveiled its stunning new Marriott and Renaissance guest rooms to more than 800 of the company's general managers and executives. The new full-service guest rooms will be installed in newly developed hotels and replace the current room decor and bedding in existing properties as renovations are scheduled. The room designs are also part of the company's move to bring more variety to its portfolio of hotels and resorts. New and renovated Marriott properties will have more local touches infused into the decor. Renaissance hotels will be highly stylized, fashionable and playful.
Xerox Corp. opened in Rochester -- a state-of-the-art facility to help customers interact with digital technologies and imagine the innovative printing possibilities emerging. This center enhances the total customer experience and demonstrates real-world ways to increase profits and boost productivity and revenue by improving the entire printing process.The company also announced a faster version of its flagship Xerox iGen3 Digital Production Press and an enhanced Xerox Nuvera black-and-white printer line with new capabilities for check and statement printing. Xerox launched two additions to its industry-leading digital color and monochrome printing technology. The Xerox iGen3 110 Digital Production Press, built on the award-winning technology of the Xerox iGen3, provides 10% to 20% faster document production and offers several new features that maximize flexibility and productivity of the color press. It prints 110 pages-per-minute for standard 8.5'x11' jobs and up to 120 ppm for smaller sheet sizes. The Xerox Nuvera 100/120 MX Digital Production Systems include MICR (Magnetic Ink Character Recognition) capabilities, combining the ability to produce checks and financial statements with the 'near-offset' image quality of the Xerox Nuvera printer platform.
Kerr-McGee Corp. has announced that its Board of Directors has authorized management to proceed with its proposal to pursue alternatives for the separation of the chemical business including a spinoff or sale. In addition, the Board has authorized the company to proceed with a share repurchase program initially set at $1 billion. The Board expects to expand the share repurchase program as the chemical business separation proceeds. Lehman Brothers Inc. and JP Morgan are acting as financial advisors to the company.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is building its own gasoline stations. Since the mid-1990s the company has been partnering with Arkansas-based Murphy Oil Corp., to operate gasoline pumps in more than 800 store parking lots under lease agreements. But now it's opening stations under the Wal-Mart brand at its stores.
Verizon Communications Inc. announced that it has opened new call centre in Hampton and has hired 180 employees. The facility will help customers from Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey and Washington.
Three-Five Systems Inc. announced on 3/3/05, that it determined to discontinue its standard display product business. The decision follows the exercise by TFS of its right to rescind a technology licensing agreement, or TLA, that was entered into during January 2003 with Data International Ltd. Revenue from those standard products in 2004 equaled approximately $17.0 million.
Lucent Technologies plans to close a research and development site in Westford and move its 40 jobs to India. The Westford plant works on the PacketStar PSAX device, which is used to bundle voice, data and video for transmission. Lucent will also close a Landover, Md., plant that works on the same device, laying off 110 workers. The work done at the two sites will be sent to Lucent's Bangalore, India, facility.
Checkpoint Systems Inc. will exit its bar-code business, where sales have dwindled for the last three years. The company would focus on its units that sell closed-circuit television systems and devices that help retailers detect shoplifters, because profitability from the bar-code-systems business, which helps companies track inventory, has declined.
Devon Energy Corp. is pulling its operations out of Syria as political pressures have made business more difficult. The economic sanctions have prevented Devon from importing certain types of equipment and the company is talking to possible buyers about its Syria operations.
Oshkosh Truck Corp. announced that to invest in a $5-million expansion of its new product development facility. The company plans to break ground later this month on a 45,000-square-foot expansion of its existing new product development facility to accommodate the company's growing product and advanced technology development activities. In the past 18 months, Oshkosh has added about 200 employees to its new product development, defense engineering and manufacturing assembly, and the expanded facility will provide needed space for the expanded work force. The expansion is scheduled to be completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2006.
The Talbots Inc. announced earnings results for the fourth quarter and full year ended January 29, 2005. Preliminary net income for the quarter was $16.0 million, compared to $22.0 million for the previous year quarter. Preliminary earnings per share for the period decreased 24% to $0.29 per diluted share, compared to $0.38 per diluted share for the same period last year. Net sales in the fourth quarter increased 11% to $470.7 million, compared to $422.7 million last year. For the fifty-two week period ended January 29, 2005, the company reported net income of $96.4 million, an 8% decrease from the $104.7 million reported for fiscal 2003. Preliminary earnings per share decreased 6% to $1.71 per diluted share compared to $1.81 last year. Net sales increased 6% to $1,697.8 million versus $1,594.8 million last year.For the full year 2005, The company expect to open a total of approximately 50 new stores, on top of an increase of 75 new stores in fiscal 2004. 
General Motors Corporation announced it planned to permanently lay off 3,000 employees in Lansing, Mich. They may never work on the assembly line again, but some of the workers could be showing up for years to come, drawing full wages and benefits as they sit in a lunchroom watching TV. GM expects, for now, to pay them an average US$6,700 a month each in wages and benefits -- a total of $20 million a month. Under deals with the United Auto Workers, GM, Ford Motor Co. and the Chrysler division of DaimlerChrysler AG must pay union members who lose their jobs.
National Semiconductor Corporation has announced that it is seeking a buyer for its assembly and test plant in Toa Payoh, Singapore. The facility employs approximately 1,000 people, including 320 professional staff and 680 technicians and operators. The company has said that current manufacturing activities at the Singapore plant will continue during the sale process.
Microsoft Corp. announced that Windows(R) XP Media Center Edition-based PCs will be available this year in 20 new markets, broadening the global reach of Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 to more than 30 countries and 17 languages by the end of 2005. With this worldwide expansion of Microsoft(R) Windows XP Media Center Edition availability, more customers than ever before will be able to enjoy easy access to the best in digital entertainment and powerful home computing. 
Lexmark announced that it has opened its new Printing and Solutions Showcase (Pass) in Kuala Lumpur to help Malaysian companies better design their printing environment and lower their costs. The showcase replicates the real-world demands of organizations in the healthcare, banking and financial sectors, including user demands and current information and communications technology (ICT) environments.
Procera Networks Inc. announced international availability of evaluation and stocking units for its new OptimIP(TM) Compliance Executive. Procera's new system is the first intelligent network appliance that enables businesses and their IT solution providers to deploy a transparent compliance framework that enforces business policies to address global government compliance policies and mandates.
Ford Motor Co. to lay off about 200 employees at its Wixom Assembly Plant when it stops making the Ford Thunderbird this summer. The plant will stop making the Thunderbird just before the company's annual two-week shutdown in July. Ford announced Thursday that it was discontinuing the current-generation Thunderbird after the 2005 model year.
Toys R Us might consider an outright sale of the company as an alternative to its plan to split off the struggling toy chain from its Babies R Us division. The decision, which marks a dramatic about-turn, occurred following a board meeting to consider the status of the auction. According to people involved in the process, Toys R Us has returned to each of the potential bidders and asked whether they were interested in buying the whole company, in a deal that could be worth more than $5 billion. However, that does not necessarily mean it is ruling out the sale of the toy division. Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and an investment group including Cerberus Capital Management, Goldman Sachs and Kimco Realty, a real estate investment trust, have both recently expressed an interest in bidding for the retailer's entire operations. The two other bidders include a partnership between buy-out groups Permira and Apollo; and an alliance between Vornado Realty Trust and Bain Capital.
According to sources, Applica Inc. is up for sale and is being marketed by Bank of America Corp. Applica could sell for $180 million to $210 million, based on going acquisition multiples for house wares manufacturers of 6 to 7 times Ebitda, which is expected to be around $28 million to $30 million this year. According to an analyst, companies that may be interested include Royal Philips Electronics NV, Holmes Group Inc., and Nacco Industries Inc.
GTECH Holdings Corp. announced that it will open a call center in South Providence next month. The call center, at the corner of Pavilion Avenue and Hylestead Street, will employ up to 100 people and is expected to begin operating at the end of next month. GTECH committed to opening a Providence call center two years ago, when the company was negotiating with the city on a tax deal for a new Providence headquarters. GTECH has partnered on the call center with Ryla Teleservices Inc., a minority-owned company from Georgia that specializes in such operations. Ryla will operate the center, which is in a former manufacturing building on a dead-end street, and will hire the employees. Ryla also expects to bring work from at least one or two other companies into the 8,400-square-foot facility.
Renaissance Learning Inc. has cut the jobs of 20 employees at the company's Madison office at 901 Deming way.Renaissance Learning reported 2004 sales of $114 million, down about 12.6% from $130.5 million in sales reported in 2003. The company posted net income of $22.7 million, a 30.2% decline from the previous year.
Boeing Co. announced that it has issued 8,100 layoff notices as part of its sale of commercial aircraft operations in Wichita to Onex Corp., with those workers being asked to apply for their old jobs with the buyer. The 60-day notices went to 5,200 hourly and 2,900 salaried production and service workers.
The Boeing Co. issued 9,300 layoff notices as part of its sale of commercial aircraft operations in Wichita and Oklahoma to Onex Corp., with those workers being asked to apply for their old jobs with the buyer. An additional 1,200 workers also received layoff notices at Boeing's commercial aircraft plants in Tulsa and McAlester, Okla.
According to sources, Visteon Corporation is rumored to be considering the sale of one or more of its business units. Sources say, Visteon has been in talks since late 2004 with several potential buyers for its Axle unit, which is not considered one of its core competencies and would probably be well disposed of, since it has been a drag on the company for all the years of its existence, and for its Interior Electronics unit, which it does consider a core unit.
Crown Castle International Corp. announced that it has formed a new subsidiary, Crown Castle Mobile Media, to deliver live mobile television services to handheld devices including cell phones. Crown Castle Mobile Media intends to build and operate a dedicated digital network for broadcasting digital television content to these devices. The proposed network will utilize five megahertz (MHz) of unencumbered nationwide spectrum acquired by Crown Castle through Federal Communications Commission auction 46 in 2003. The technology being used, Digital Video Broadcasting- Handheld (DVB-H), is currently expected to become the global standard for mobile television and has been formally adopted by both the DVB Organization and the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI). Crown Castle and Nokia have recently completed successful demonstration trials of this open-standard technology in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Crown Castle Mobile Media expects to begin commercial deployment of this service in select major US markets during 2005.
Mexx, one of the Liz Claiborne Inc. portfolio of brands, announced plans to open a new outpost in New York's Soho district in July 2005. The store, located at 500 Broadway, will be in a landmark building adjacent to Bloomingdale's and other leading retailers. The new store will showcase Mexx products in 3,700 square feet of selling space on one floor, mirroring the brand's international presentation. Mexx plans to renovate the space, adding a European flair while preserving the character and original details of the landmark such as exposed brick walls and the original columns.
Varian Medical Systems Inc. announced that it has developed a new metal technology replacement tube for use with special procedures equipment from Siemens Medical Solution. The new SG-1590 tri-focus X-ray tube is a direct replacement for the Siemens Mega 125/15/40/82C. The SG-1590 is designed to be loaded into the original manufacturer's housing and to calibrate as if it were an OEM tube. It is designed for general radiography, digital, and film screen angiography procedures. The new tube joins an extensive line-up of replacement X-ray tubes that are available through Varian's Interay X-ray tube aftermarket business. Varian Interay also offers replacement X-ray tubes for CT scanners from Philips/Picker, Siemens, Elscint, and GE, as well as diagnostic X-ray tubes for use in imaging systems from virtually all manufacturers, including GE, Philips, Siemens, and Toshiba.The company also announced that it has formed Varian Surgical Sciences, a new organization that initially will develop and market the company's advanced X-ray imaging and treatment technologies for radiosurgical solutions in the estimated $250 million neurosurgery market.
Brightpoint Inc. announced the launch of a new line of business within Brightpoint North America L.P. called Advanced Wireless Services (AWS). AWS will deliver bundled wireless products and solutions to effectively and efficiently meet the wireless data needs of customers throughout the United States. AWS will focus on delivering the bundled wireless products and solutions to Brightpoint's existing sales channels including mobile operators and their dealers as well as new channels such as Value Added Resellers, system integrators and other customers who are focused on providing wireless data services. AWS will leverage Brightpoint's strong industry relationships and extensive logistics capabilities to provide these channels with an extensive range of products and solutions including Windows Mobile-based Smartphones and Pocket PCs, activation services, bundled software applications, wireless LAN infrastructure and services, VoIP solutions and wireless content. AWS' first relationships in this effort are with Microsoft, Intel and Sprint. In conjunction with the formation of AWS, Brightpoint has announced a VAR Mobile Activation Service (MAS) that will enable VARs to deliver a wide range of Windows Mobile-based devices to their small/medium business customers, provide wireless activation services, and receive commissions from mobile operators. The MAS will also give VARs the ability to minimize inventory levels by relying on just-in-time delivery of bundled wireless solutions.
Huntsman Corp. announced that it will significantly increase its global capacity for the manufacture of methylene diphenyl diisocyanate (MDI). The initiative involves expansions at the company's two major MDI manufacturing facilities located in Geismar, Louisiana and Rozenburg, Netherlands. The capacity of the Geismar plant will be expanded by 130 million pounds per year to 990 million pounds per year, while the capacity of the Rozenburg plant will be expanded by 220 million pounds per year to 880 million pounds per year. The capacity expansions will be completed in increments beginning in the first quarter of 2005, with final completion expected by late 2006. Total capital spending in 2005 for these projects is included in Huntsman's previously disclosed $400 million total capital budget for 2005.
Ferro Corp. announced that it plans additional restructuring that will include some job cuts to its global work force. The company would not say how many jobs would be trimmed but that the effect in Northeast Ohio will be negligible. He declined to say how many employees in the company work in the region. It has about 7,000 worldwide. The restructuring should save Ferro about $10 million a year.
Pinnacle Entertainment Inc. will open its new $365 million casino and hotel in Lake Charles over Memorial Day weekend. The casino and hotel will be open for business May 26. The complex will include a 26-story hotel with 746 rooms, an 18-hole golf course, four restaurants and a spa.
According to sources, Sears, Roebuck and Co. has put Lands' End up for sale for $1.2 billion. That's $700 million less than it paid three years ago for the unit. The report, citing unnamed sources, comes as Sears is in the final stages of being acquired by Kmart Holding Corp. for $11 billion.
Novellus Systems Inc. launched its Refurbished Systems Business. With a charter to supply tools for the aluminum interconnect segment of 200-mm fabs, the Refurbished Systems Business will leverage the company's global service and logistics channel and provide Novellus-refurbished process equipment for customers requiring an uncompromised, lower-cost manufacturing alternative to new systems. While state-of-the-art technologies dominate the floor space of 300-mm fabs, 200-mm facilities manufacturing lower-cost products continue to expand in several regions of Asia, especially China. Novellus' Refurbished Systems Business will initially feature refurbished products from its plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD), CVD Tungsten and high-density plasma chemical vapor deposition (HDP CVD) business units.
Microsoft said it plans to enter the search advertising market, now dominated by U.S. companies Yahoo! and Google. To be known as MSN adCenter, Microsoft will preview the service at a meeting Wednesday and then launch a pilot program of the venture in Singapore and france within six months. Within the MSN adCenter platform, the new MSN paid-search solution will be tightly integrated with other future capabilities to give advertisers a one-stop shop from which to plan, execute and adjust their online campaigns. AdCenter will provide keyword buyers with audience intelligence including location, gender, age group, lifestyle segment and time of day. Until adCenter is fully developed, Microsoft will continue working with Yahoo! Search Marketing, formerly Overture, to offer search listings to advertisers.
HJ Heinz Co. laying off between 100 and 120 workers in May because of a declining market for low-carb products. The company announced that it will stop production on one line at its plant in Massillon. The company could restart the line if the demand increases for the products.
The Neiman Marcus Group, Inc. announced that it is exploring various strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value, including the possible sale of the Company. The Group has retained Goldman Sachs & Co. as its financial advisor to assist in this effort.
According to sources, Neiman Marcus Group has begun discussions with several suitors about buying the retailer for as much as $5 billion. In the past few weeks, the company has approached several big retailers including Limited Brands, whose chain stores include Victoria's Secret, Express and Bath & Bodyworks, say people familiar with the situation. Meanwhile, Neiman Marcus has also been soliciting interest from a handful of private equity firms including Apollo Advisors, Bain Capital, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. regarding a deal to take the company private. The New York Post reported, other firms expected to take a look are European luxury-goods conglomerate LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton and Pinault Printemps Redoute, as well as the Weston family, and Britain's Selfridges. Neiman has retained Goldman Sachs to handle the sale process.
Fortune Brands, Inc. and General Binding Corporation announced that Fortune Brands will spin off to shareholders its ACCO World Corporation office products unit, and that ACCO will merge with General Binding Corporation. The spin-off of ACCO sharpens Fortune Brands' focus on growing its high-return Home & Hardware, Spirits & Wine and Golf businesses. As part of the spin-off, Fortune Brands will receive a cash dividend of $625 million from ACCO.
Springs Industries Inc. plans to close two bedding division weaving plants in Fort Lawn and reduce capacity at a Lancaster County plant in a move that could cut as many as 700 jobs. The other 450 jobs are in finishing and sewing operations in Lancaster County, but the company hopes to absorb some of those cuts through turnover. The two closing facilities employ 250 people and some of those will be able to move to a weaving plant in Chester County, where the company plans to spend about $10 million adding technology and relocating equipment. The plants are slated to close between May 15 and July 1.
Eastman Chemical Co. will spend $340 million to $360 million on new plants and equipment this year, including $100 million for a previously announced expansion of its Voridian polyester resin plant in Calhoun County. The expansion will add 50 new production jobs before completion in late 2006.
Archer Daniels Midland Co. will expand NovaLipid(TM) production by adding capacity at its Mankato, Minnesota enzyme interesterification facility. NovaLipid(TM) products are the Company's line of zero/low trans-fat oils and margarines. Construction is scheduled to be completed late in 2005. This is the second expansion to the NovaLipid line.
Minerals Technologies Inc. announced that it will build a facility in Chester, S.C., to produce a composite mineral for the glass industry called Synsil. The plant is expected to produce about 200,000 tons of Synsil products a year.
Northwest Airlines announced that it plans to reduce its fleet by 30 planes this year and could cut up to 930 high-paying mechanic jobs from Minnesota, partly due to high fuel prices. Northwest said that it planned to make the changes by parking mostly DC-9s and closing a heavy maintenance line in Minneapolis-St. Paul that services those older planes. The DC-9s have an average age of 33.8 years old. The carrier said it will cut 130 mechanic jobs by May, and said about 900 maintenance jobs ultimately could be cut in the Twin Cities this year.
Eastman Kodak Co. said it would close a photographic paper plant in Rochester, leading to about $50 million in charges and an unspecified number of job cuts.
Borders opened a 1,100-square-foot store in terminal A of Boston's Logan International Airport earlier this week. The store features bestsellers and key titles for leisure and business travelers, with over 6,000 book, magazine and newspaper titles as well as top selling CD and DVD titles in an award-winning retail format. This store is the third Borders airport store to open in Boston's Logan International Airport.
Kellogg Co. is considering shuttering two Keebler bakeries in Georgia and Illinois with a combined 850 employees. Kellogg estimates up front costs of closing both bakeries at approximately $120 million and announced that it would bargain with the Bakery, Confectionary, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers International Union and the Teamsters that represent hourly employees at the two factories. Keebler's plant in Macon, Ga., has about 400 employees and the other commercial bakery, in Des Plaines, Ill., west of Chicago, has about 350 workers.
General Motors Corporation plans to place 45 workers on permanent layoff from its Lansing Craft Centre, which makes the Chevrolet SSR and has been struggling with sluggish demand. An additional five to 10 people could see their jobs cut in the future. The plant's 500 workers returned to work last week from a six-week layoff to learn their plant would be shut down for two weeks starting April 4. The factory also has reduced its rate of production from 70 to 40 vehicles per day.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that it will build and staff a food distribution center west of Cheyenne. Wal-Mart, which also is building a Wal-Mart Supercenter here, expects to start construction late this year on an 800,000-square-foot building in the North Range Business Park, just north of Interstate 80 and west of Little America. The center is expected to begin serving stores in spring 2007.
Quintiles Transnational Corp. will pay off nearly 20% of its total debt of about $795 million. The company will pay off $150 million of a $306 million term loan that comes due in 2009. The remainder of its debt includes $39 million in miscellaneous debt and $450 million in publicly traded bonds. The company will cut an additional 384 jobs worldwide, bringing the total number of layoffs announced since November to 930.
Computer Associates International Inc. Opens Telecom Center in Beirut. This center opened in early February 2005 and is based on the MDS technology. This is the tenth CA Company center in the European-Middle East-African region and it serves the Gulf, Middle East, and North African region.
Eastman Kodak Co. announced it plans an aggressive push into the fast-growing market for healthcare information technology (IT) by introducing a portfolio of software and systems for healthcare providers. As part of this effort, the company has renamed its Health Imaging business Kodak's Health Group, reflecting the move from radiology to digital systems, technology and service, including developing and marketing digital equipment and healthcare IT systems.
General Motors plans to offer buyout packages to as many as 2,000 white-collar employees, cutting some departments by 10%. Staff reductions would come from voluntary early-retirement and buyouts, and not layoffs. GM also is idling three plants in the United States and cutting as many as 12,000 jobs in Europe. GM has cut its non-union salaried workforce from 44,000 in 2000 to about 38,000 at the end of last year, reducing white-collar staff by around 1,000 to 2,000 workers each year.
Pfizer Inc. has announced that it plans to end production at its Holland, Mich. plant and sell off the facility. If a buyer cannot be found, the facility will be closed in late 2006. The site will continue operating through the end of next year while production is transferred to other sites.
Alcoa Inc. will cut 2,000 jobs over the next 12 months as the aluminum company streamlines its operations as part of its new global business structure. The job cuts in some of Alcoa's North American, European and South American operations will result in after-tax restructuring charges of $20 million to $25 million, but should eventually save the company $45 million a year.
Kellwood Co. announced it will close its Dorby Frocks warehouse in Bishopville by June 30, putting 120 employees out of work. The jobs are moving to Chico, California.
Novell Inc. announced that it would open an open-source technology center at its Provo campus to offer expertise, space and even some investment capital to startups that help advance its business interests. Novell announced that it will dedicate part of its campus for research and development by ventures that build on Linux, the free computer operating system. Novell plans to earmark up to 25,000 square feet for the effort, providing office, business and technical support for other software developers.
Convergys Corp. is shutting down its 4-year-old operation at Fort Pierce's Orange Blossom Business Center. The Cincinnati-based telemarketing and customer-service company will close the 56,000-square-foot call center May 16, laying off 200 employees. The move aims to streamline operations and cut costs.
OfficeMax Inc. opened its first McKinney superstore at Craig Crossing shopping center. The 20,000 square-foot OfficeMax store located at 3190 South Central Expressway in McKinney's Craig Crossing shopping center provides a one-stop shop for all office-related needs. The store will employ approximately 27 full- and part-time associates.
Amazon.com Inc. plans to expand its call center. The company said that the expansion will create about 60 jobs. The net effect will be an increase in jobs with higher wages.
Amazon.com Inc. plans to close its warehouse. While the warehouse closing will eliminate about 50 jobs. Earlier this week, Amazon also said it had closed a call center in Tacoma, Wash. About 20 workers there were offered either a severance package or the chance to move to call centers in Grand Forks or Huntington, W.Va.
Polymer Group Inc. is planning to hire 49 people as it expands its Mooresville plant to accommodate its customers' growing demand for material used in hygiene applications such as baby diapers. The North Charleston, S.C., fabric maker is investing $40 million in machines and construction in Mooresville. As part of a global expansion, the company is increasing its production of a material used in diapers, feminine care and adult incontinence products, and in furniture and bedding. The company will hire the new workers gradually and expects to eventually employ 219 in Mooresville. About two-thirds of the jobs will be manufacturing positions while the rest will be in sales, administration and research and development.
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. is scrapping its test of bakery stores in Wal-Mart stores. The beleaguered Winston-Salem, N.C., doughnut maker will close five outlets in Wal-Mart stores around the United States.
Northrop Grumman Corporation has established a Corporate Business Development organization. The new corporate business development organization was created to drive strategic business development planning and processes across the enterprise.The company has appointed David W. Zolet as vice president of Corporate Business Development. The newly created position reports to Robert W. Helm, Northrop Grumman corporate vice president of Business Development and Government Relations.
ChevronTexaco Corp. announced its intention to expand its investment in Angola and, in collaboration with three other multinational oil companies, embark on a liquefied natural gas (LNG) project in the country. An agreement reached earlier in the week between the co-ventures - namely Total (13.6%), BP (13.6%), ExxonMobil (13.6%) and Angolan state-owned oil firm Sonangol (22.8%) - has established the principles for gas supply, corporate structure and the legal and regulatory framework for the LNG project. The LNG project will also entail a gas utilisation project, encircling offshore and onshore operations to commercialise gas resources and reduce gas-flaring from blocks located offshore of Angola.
Gillette Co. to put efforts to modernize a plant that a century ago housed the modest razor blade-making operations. The highly automated, 33-acre plant that anchors an industrial section of the city's South Boston neighborhood will be getting a $200 million modernization.
Verizon Communications Inc. announced it is rolling out a fiber-optic network -- known as fiber to the premises, or FTTP -- that will deliver faster data speeds and crystal clear voice to residence and business customers. This transformational upgrade to Verizon's network also has the capability to offer a full suite of video services, a competitive choice to existing cable television providers. The company will seek a franchise agreement before offering cable TV service in a selected community. The announcement brings to 28 the number of communities in eastern Massachusetts identified by the company for deployment of its all-fiber network. The others are Andover, Bedford, Belmont, Boxford, Burlington, Canton, Dedham, Holliston, Hopkinton, Lakeville, Lexington, Lincoln, Lynnfield, North Reading, Natick, Newton, Reading, Sherborn, Topsfield, Wellesley, Westborough, West Newbury, Westwood, Winchester and Woburn.
Cisco Systems Inc. will close its Salem plant over the next 12 to 15 months, but none of the 97 employees will lose their jobs. The company announced that all employees will be transferred to the Boxborough, Mass., facility, 30 miles southwest of Salem, which opened in June 2003. When the Salem employees move, the site will have 2,000 employees.
A $50 million expansion project expected to add 75 new jobs will begin this spring at a medical products manufacturing plant. Officials at Becton Dickinson & Co. said they hope to break ground in early May. The expansion would add 75,000 square feet of plant space. Becton, Dickinson makes various medical products, including several kinds of syringes and needles.
HCA Inc. plans to sell 10 hospitals in six states. The company does not expect to sell off the 10 hospitals until the end of this year, but the hospitals had combined net revenue of $654 million. Four of the hospitals are in West Virginia: St. Joseph's in Parkersburg; Saint Francis in Charleston; Raleigh General in Beckley and Putnam General in Hurricane. The other hospitals are: Clinch Valley Medical Center in Richlands, Virginia.; Grandview Medical Center in Jasper and River Park in McMinnville, Tennessee.; North Monroe Medical Center in Monroe, Los Angeles.; Southwestern Medical Center in Lawton, Oklahoma.; and Capital Medical Center in Olympia, Washington.
Steelcase Inc. announced that it would eliminate 100 salaried jobs and 500 hourly positions as part of the consolidation of its North America operations. The company plans to close several manufacturing facilities in the Grand Rapids, Mich., area, where it's headquartered, over the next two years.
Intermet Corp. announced that it has developed plans to close its ductile- iron foundry in Decatur, Illinois. The company said it intends to meet with Local 6-728 of the Paper, Allied-Industrial, Chemical & Energy Workers International Union, which represents hourly employees at the plant, to discuss the closure. If INTERMET proceeds with its plans, the facility is expected to close by December 31, 2005. The INTERMET Decatur Foundry, which currently has 320 active employees, manufactures ductile-iron cast components for a number of automakers and Tier 1 suppliers.
GEO Group Inc. announced that it has planed to proceed with a 600-bed expansion to the 1,918-bed Lawton Correctional Facility located in Lawton, Oklahoma. The 600-bed expansion to the facility will house adult male medium security inmates and is expected to become operational during the second quarter of 2006.
NDCHealth Corporation has announced that that its Board of Directors has voted to pursue the potential sale of the company. The decision follows the completion by the Board, acting with the assistance of The Blackstone Group L.P., of an evaluation of strategic alternatives with the objective of maximizing stockholder value over a reasonable period of time. The Blackstone Group and Goldman, Sachs & Co. will act as the company's financial advisors.
Lear Corp. plans to cut at least 36 jobs at its Alpine plant. Lear informed city officials that lay-offs would take place on 6 May and announced that more Alpine lay-offs will follow in the middle of the year, when other automotive programmes end. In 2004 workers of the Alpine plant signed an agreement to lay off over 300 people and take a 25% wage cut to keep the plant open.
Walgreen Co. is planning to open a Walgreens on the site of the old Rantoul Public Library at the corner of Champaign Avenue (U.S. 136) and Century Boulevard (U.S. 45). The company is also planning stores at Five Points in Urbana and at the Village at the Crossing shopping center in southwest Champaign. The company have planned to open 450 stores this fiscal year. The new Walgreens store will provide community with additional retail jobs, will revitalize the downtown section of town and will encourage additional development in the area. The village will spend about $200,000 to pay for the relocation of utility lines at the Walgreens site.
Blockbuster Inc. plans to lay off up to 20% of its headquarters staff in Dallas and the suburb of McKinney. Between 200 and 300 jobs will be eliminated, including open positions that won't be filled. The cuts are designed to help offset an incremental $70 million that the company said it would spend this year on Blockbuster Online. Blockbuster earlier said it would have to cut costs and reduce its corporate staff to help build its growing online DVD rental business.
General Motors Corporation opened Quickservice centre at Liberty Automobiles in Sharjah. The centre services GM cars, including Chevrolet, Cadillac and Opel brands and is offering a lube, oil and filter change in 29 minutes, or they give the next one free.
Continental Airlines Inc. announced that the airline will follow through on plans to increase its fleet by leasing eight Boeing 757-300 aircraft starting this summer and accelerating delivery of six Boeing 737-800 aircraft into 2006. Continental also will acquire 10 Boeing 787 aircraft beginning in 2009.
Hutchinson Technology Inc. expects net income per diluted share for its fiscal second quarter ending March 27, 2005 to be at the high end of its prior guidance of $0.40 to $0.50 per share. Net sales for the quarter are expected to total approximately $158 million against the previous guidance of $135 to $145 million. The company is planning to increase manufacturing capacity from approximately 15 million suspension assembly units per week to 20 million units per week by the end of the fiscal year 2005.
MOCON Inc.'s management committed to a plan to discontinue production of Vaculok® vacuum insulated panels and exit this product line. The decision to exit the Vaculok business is the result of its poor financial performance since it was acquired in November 2003 and the Company's plan to concentrate on its core businesses, particularly its gas detection and measurement businesses, which the Company believes have greater long-term growth and profit potential.
I2 Technologies said that it would cut its global work force by 15% as part of a plan to reduce its operating expenses to below $70 million, from $85 million in the fourth quarter. I2 had about 2,000 full-time employees as of Dec. 31. They included about 800 research and development workers in India and the United States and about 300 in sales and marketing. Cuts will affect most divisions and regions.
Pilgrim's Pride Corp. has announced it will lay off about 300 workers as it converts its Broadway chicken operation into a prepared-foods supply plant. The plant, which produces fresh traypack chicken products for retail sale, will begin supplying chicken wings and boneless chicken breast to the company's prepared-foods plants May 29.
KEMET Corp. announced the cutting of 275 jobs, dampening an optimistic job outlook for 2005. The 275 Upstate workers who lost their jobs at Kemet will face a local economy that is producing few comparable manufacturing jobs. The mass layoff announced by Simpsonville-based Kemet is consistent with the steady erosion of this nation's industrial job base. Manufacturing is in the midst of a 5-year tailspin marked by net job loss, an inability to compete with cheaper imports, outsourcing and technology gains that have made U.S. factories more efficient and less labor intensive.
Minerals Technologies Inc. will build a facility in Chester to produce a new composite mineral for the glass industry. The company will employ 12 people initially, with as many as 20 workers to be added later.
Alcoa to eliminate 178 jobs at its Auburn, US plant in the second quarter because of a decline in production. The 270,000-square-foot plant manufactures aluminium bumpers and engine cradles for the automotive industry, and will employ 205 after the workforce reduction.
By the end of the year, 3M Co. will close a division that makes decals and other graphics for cars and trucks, affecting about 200 jobs in Minnesota. The move comes as the auto industry moves away from the use of decals.
United States Steel Corp. announced the details of its plan to rebuild U. S. Steel Gary Works' No. 13 blast furnace, which was constructed in 1974 and relined in 1991. Upon completion of the rebuild, this blast furnace will be capable of producing 9,200 tons of hot metal per day at 97.5% availability for 20 years. Currently the blast furnace produces 7,045 tons of hot metal per day. The rebuilt No. 13 blast furnace will be world class with many technological upgrades and will be renamed No. 14 in recognition of its new status. The rebuild outage, which is scheduled to last 91 days, from Aug. 1 to Oct. 30, will require the skills of approximately 700 craftsmen.
Talecris Biotherapeutics Holdings Corp. announced that it is launching of its worldwide therapeutic proteins business, Talecris Biotherapeutics Inc.
Sears Holding Corp. plans a mass layoff of 250 workers at its headquarters in this Chicago suburb, according to a report filed with the state's Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. The state defines a mass layoff as 250 or more full-time employees or at least 25 employees if they make up at least one-third of the employer's work force. According to a 2004 state law, employers with at least 75 full-time workers must give 60 days notice to workers and the state of mass layoffs or a plant closing. Sears has said some layoffs will be announced by the end of April from among the 5,000 people working at the headquarters, but the vast majority of the work force of 400,000 will keep their jobs and the company will maintain a corporate presence in Michigan.
Walgreen Co. plans to build a 14,500-square-foot drugstore at the northwest corner of Sharon and Morrison roads. The site of a former gas station, the corner has been home to a Goodwill collection trailer in recent months. The store, which will have a drive-through pharmacy, is scheduled to open in February.
Ford Motor Co. announced that it plans to eliminate up to 1,000 salaried, white-collar employees from its U.S. workforce in a new round of cost-cutting. Layoffs among the 32,000 salaried employees in the United States are a possibility if enough workers do not leave voluntarily. Ford has a white-collar workforce of more than 45,000 worldwide.
Microsemi Corp. would close its plant in Ennis Co. Clare, as part of a group-wide restructuring operation. The moves will result in the loss of over 130 jobs in Ennis, as well as 165 jobs in Broomfield, Colorado. Both the Ennis and Bloomfield plants are to be shut down.
Imagistics International Inc. announced charges for restructuring and severance, and that it is expensing stock options, effective Jan. 1, 2005. The company has experienced a greater than anticipated decline in facsimile revenues in the first quarter 2005, which is expected to continue through the year. The cost reduction actions include: Closing the National Remanufacturing Center, Imagistics is discontinuing its remanufactured product line and will cease operations at its centralized National Remanufacturing Center in Milford, Conn. In addition to the closing of the NRC, the company reduced staff by 100 employees in the first quarter of 2005.
Pfizer Inc. announced that it plans to eliminate jobs and make other spending cuts that will save $4 billion a year. Pfizer announced that manufacturing and sales positions would be likely targets but did not specify how many people would lose their jobs, or when.
A decrease in demand for the two sport-utility vehicles manufactured at the General Motors Corporation. Oklahoma City assembly plant has led to the elimination of the second shift at the facility, affecting about 830 jobs. The shift would shut down June 27 at the plant, which has about 2,500 hourly and 180 salaried employees.
The Maytag Store will celebrate the grand opening of its fourth try before buy location just off I-15 and Parrish Lane in Centerville. It offers customers the opportunity to bake, do their laundry, use a Hoover vacuum or wash their dishes in the appliances that are on sale. The store also features a children's area.
Respironics Inc. is expanding its Homecare Division at a newly purchased building in Pittsburgh suburb. The company bought the two-story building for $5.5 million. The building has been used for Westinghouse Electric Co.'s nuclear repair and automation center.
Nearly 500 workers will lose their jobs when Standard Commercial Corp., closes a plant in Wilson early next month in a merger with a former competitor. Standard Commercial has notified the state that 491 workers will be laid off when the company closes one of its two Wilson tobacco processing factories. Dimon Inc., which is buying Standard Commercial for $255 million plus debt, is closing one of its two Virginia plants. That layoff will affect 500 workers in Danville.
ActivCard Corp. cut about 10% of its workforce. ActivCard, which had about 240 workers, said most of the eliminated positions came from a subsidiary formerly known as Aspace Solutions Ltd. The company said it expects to record about $900,000 in severance-related charges.
Bruker AXS Inc. announced the establishment of a new laboratory in Delft, equipped with the latest state-of-the-art X-ray instrumentation and technologies for the determination of 3D crystal structures of small molecules and proteins. This laboratory will incorporate robotic facilities for the high-throughput preparation of protein crystallization screens, combined with the Crystal Farm(TM) incubation and imaging system for crystal growth.
Dell Inc. announced that the company will continue to expand beyond traditional desktop PCs and offer more flat panel televisions, laptops and printers to help grow its business to $80 billion within four years.The company reaffirmed its first-quarter earnings guidance of 37 cents per share on sales of $13.4 billion.
OfficeMax Inc. announced that it will respond to local business and consumer needs by opening Lockport's first national office supply superstore in the Transit Road Shopping Center. In celebration, the new store will host a four-day grand opening celebration Thursday through Sunday, April 7 - 10, featuring an After Hours business networking event, shopping spree giveaways and how-to workshops for businesses and consumers. Opening-day festivities on Thursday, April 7 include a chance to win the first of four $1,000 shopping sprees, how-to business workshops, a grand opening ribbon cutting ceremony with local dignitaries, and a catered OfficeMax After Hours business leadership event from 4 - 7 p.m., which is open to the public. The 21,000 square-foot OfficeMax store, located at 5762 South Transit Road in Lockport's Transit Road Shopping Center, provides a one-stop shop for all office-related needs. The store will employ approximately 22 full- and part- time associates.
According to sources, Siebel Systems Inc. could soon face mounting pressure to find a buyer amid diminishing prospects for the business software company. The company warned that its first-quarter results would be far worse than forecast. For the period Siebel expects to lose $7 million to $9 million, or 1 to 2 cents a share. It projects revenue of about $300 million, well off the $337 million estimated by analysts. According to analysts, Oracle is the most likely potential acquirer, but it is not clear if Oracle currently already has a full plate for the next couple of quarters.
Allis-Chalmers Energy Inc. announced that it has established new bases of operations for its directional drilling division in Oklahoma, Midland, and Corpus Christi, Texas. Currently the Company employs more than 60 directional drillers and provides directional and horizontal services both on land and offshore. The Company also announced that its casing and tubing division has established operations in Alice, Texas, in addition to its existing facilities in Edinburg, Pearsall and Victoria, Texas and has also begun to provide casing and tubing services offshore in the Gulf of Mexico.
Sonoco Products Co. announced that it plans to permanently close a recycled paperboard mill in Downingtown, Pa., after it was ravaged by a fire last month. About $500,000 in damage was caused by a March 20 fire. The plant employs 71 workers and has an annual capacity of 73,000 tons.
Tecumseh Products Co. announced a sudden, large layoff at its New Holstein plant that employs about 1,100 people and makes small engines used in lawn-and-garden equipment. About 215 employees will be out of work for an unknown length of time. An additional 80 employees are scheduled for layoff later this year as Tecumseh eliminates engine assembly work in New Holstein.
Marathon Oil Corp. has said that the company would be open to overtures from the cash-rich major oil and gas companies. The company said if someone wants to come in and pay a premium over what Marathon is trading on the New York Stock Exchange, its board would be interested.
Arrow International Inc. announced that it would end development and sales of its LionHeart left ventricular assist system because it is not a profitable investment. There were no sales of the LionHeart during the first two quarters of fiscal 2005.
Boeing established an Air Force Systems Global Strike Solutions division. The new division will incorporate the company's fighter, bomber, weapons and unmanned systems programs to create a more efficient company hierarchy with a single point of contact for the Air Force and other services. The division was created to really get focused on global strike solution sets.
Verizon Communications Inc. will enter the so-called voice over IP market and allow its customers to route unlimited phone calls over the Internet for $30 a month. This is a bold move for the phone company as the new offering may undercut its traditional phone line revenue.
Sears Holdings Corporation plans to lay off at least 500 workers at its suburban Chicago headquarters, double what the state previously reported. Sears Holdings planned a mass layoff of at least 250 workers. The department posted a revised filing that doubled the number of jobs to be eliminated. The state defines a mass layoff as 250 or more full-time employees or at least 25 employees if they make up at least one-third of the employer's work force. According to a 2004 state law, employers with at least 75 full-time workers must give 60 days notice to workers and the state of mass layoffs or a plant closing. Sears announced that some layoffs will be announced by the end of April from among the 5,000 people working at the headquarters, but the vast majority of the work force of 400,000 will keep their jobs and the company will maintain a corporate presence in Michigan.
Tyson Foods Inc. announced that it will close its chicken by-product rendering plant in Noel, Mo., by this summer, and area residents are breathing easier. Although the closure will reduce the company's payroll in Noel by 45 jobs, it will also do away with the stench from Tyson's River Valley Protein Plant, where byproducts are converted to pet food and livestock feed. Tyson decided to close the 42-year-old plant because it would cost too much to upgrade it, and it is more cost-effective to move the production to a similar rendering plant in Scranton.
Computer Associates International Inc. put the final pieces of its reorganization puzzle together when it inaugurated five business units, each with profit-and-loss responsibility. The business units are Enterprise Systems Management, Security Management, Storage Management, Business Service Optimization and a CA Products Group unit. Each unit's general manager will be accountable for profit and loss, product development and marketing, staffing, strategic planning and execution, and customer satisfaction. The general managers will report to Russ Artzt, who was named executive vice president for all CA products earlier this year. According to officials, no layoffs are planned as a result of the reorganization. Each unit will begin to report on financial metrics, such as revenue generation, in the first quarter of fiscal 2006.
Eli Lilly & Co. announced that it prepares to release an erectile dysfunction (ED) drug in the next two months. Cialis, the company's ED drug, is one of the nine products Eli Lilly plans to introduce to the Chinese market in the next five years. The products target a wide spectrum of symptoms, such as ED, cancer, mental disorders, and diabetes. Eli Lilly will be the third foreign company approved to sell the 'magic pill' in this country.
Lockheed Martin Corp. formally opened its Center for Innovation -- a unique, collaborative laboratory that will serve as a critical new asset in the nation's global war on terrorism, homeland defense and transformation of other government operations. The Center offers the tools, environment and expertise to help create new operational concepts and powerful net-centric solutions to strengthen nation's military effectiveness, bolster country's security, and support other vital government missions.
Smithfield Foods Inc. to build a beef plant as part of the company's strategy to diversify its meat business. The company has not yet determined the economic benefits of construction a plant and is not near a final decision regarding the ultimate feasibility of such a plant.
Aviza Technology Inc. announced the formation of its new Certified Refurbished Equipment Business Unit aimed at enabling IC makers to increase fab capacity and maximize their return on investment. This new business unit is built on the company's previous experience and reputation for providing used equipment to IC makers. Aviza's Certified Refurbished Equipment Business Unit is a broader, expanded version of the program previously in place. By formalizing its certification process, and establishing a separate business unit to focus on sales, marketing and operations, Aviza provides an attractive alternative for IC makers who need to optimize resources.
The Mosaic Co. announced it is starting work immediately on an expansion of its Esterhazy, Saskatchewan potash facility. The Esterhazy expansion will add approximately 400,000 tons of annual capacity and will be completed in the fall of 2006 with an investment of approximately $28 million. Additional expansions of 1.6 million tons of annual capacity at its Saskatchewan potash facilities are in the engineering phase. These additional expansions will be added as market conditions warrant. The investment by Mosaic, including the projects under evaluation, would increase Mosaic's capacity by 2 million tons and would cost approximately $210 million.
Ingram Micro Inc. announced that it would eliminate about 550 associate jobs as part of an outsourcing and optimization plan. The company expects the plan to result in savings of about $10 million in 2005.
Spherion Corp. announced that it is cutting about 95 jobs after a client said it wouldn't renew managed services contracts that produced $75 million in revenue in 2004. Severance and restructuring costs will be about $2 million in the first quarter.
Pfizer Inc. is opening a $35 million testing laboratory at New Haven, it says it can save money and time by performing more early drug testing in-house. Testing can account for about half the cost of a drug's development, Pfizer believes it can save money by bringing some testing under its corporate umbrella. The new facility is heavily automated, with computers compiling real-time data that doctors at the company's research and development headquarters in New London can instantly review. Pfizer will use the 62,000-square-foot building only for early, or Phase I, testing. Nancy Win-Alderson is the project engineer for the new testing facility. Pfizer employs about 6,500 people at its Groton and New London facilities. 
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. announced the formation of the Microprocessor Solutions Sector (MSS), a new division that consolidates the company's existing microprocessor businesses under a single, more customer-focused organization. The realignment strengthens AMD's ability to bring the benefits of AMD64 processor technology to a wider range of customers and markets around the world, and targets the x86 embedded processor and consumer electronics spaces as vital components of the company's business strategy. The formation of the Microprocessor Solutions Sector is accompanied by two key changes to AMD's executive management team. Dirk Meyer, previously executive vice president of the Computation Products Group (CPG), has been promoted to president and COO of MSS - a role that gives him profit and loss responsibility for all of AMD's microprocessor business. In addition, Henri Richard has been promoted to the position of chief sales and marketing officer of AMD.
General Motors Corporation announced that it will lay off about 90 workers at its Powertrain plant. The layoffs will begin April 25, 2005. The company has not decided how long the layoffs will last. The cuts will affect every section of the plant.
Intel Corp. announced that it will invest $17 million to expand production and add 160 jobs at its manufacturing center in Hudson. Of the new jobs, 150 will be manufacturing technicians and 10 will be manufacturing support specialists.
Copart Inc. announced the replacement of its temporary facility previously located in Newnan, Georgia with a greenfield facility located off Highway 20 in Loganville, Georgia, approximately 30 miles east of Atlanta. The new location, which is owned by Copart, is approximately 55 acres, an increase of approximately 40 acres over the facility it replaces.
Oneida Ltd. announced that it will close its foodservice distribution center in Buffalo by January, a move that will cost it $3 million in payments to employees, relocation of inventory and termination of property leases. The center employs 90 people.
Northwest Airlines informed 600 Minnesota mechanics they would be laid off as part of a previously announced plan to cut up to 930 mechanics jobs this year. The unions for flight attendants, ground workers and mechanics all are in mediated contract negotiations with Northwest. Management is seeking at least $950 million per year in labor savings from its workers.
Eastman Kodak Co. plans to cut about 15,000 of its 64,000 jobs by 2007 and already has closed three plants. Some 60 people have chosen voluntary layoffs from Kodak Colorado's Windsor site as the company continues to trim its worldwide workforce. Kodak Colorado officials still are deciding how many employees at its Windsor plant will lose their jobs.
Autodesk Inc. announced that it has extended Autodesk Consulting services to the media and entertainment industry by creating a dedicated practice to help media and entertainment clients realize their ideas. Media and entertainment is the fourth market practice for Autodesk Consulting, joining manufacturing, building and infrastructure.
Alcoa Inc. will cut 200 jobs at its smelter in Baie Comeau, mainly through early retirements. Alcoa announced new smelters in the world, with lower operating and energy costs, are forcing older smelters like that of Baie Comeau in northeastern Quebec to reduce their costs as well. The company said last month it would cut 2,000 jobs worldwide. The Baie Comeau smelter has 1,800 employees producing 437,000 tonnes of aluminum a year.
Marriott International Inc. decided to close a Gaithersburg call center that employs 161 people in may. The Gaithersburg center took calls for hotel bookings. Much of its work will shift to larger reservation centers in Salt Lake City and Omaha after the May 12 closing.
Ray Kroc, a milkshake-maker salesman, opened the first McDonald's restaurants of Illinois at Des Plaines, Illinois, taking $366. The company now has 31,000 restaurants in 119 countries
Valero Energy Corp. has invested $20 million in its first retail distribution center, creating more than 200 new jobs. The 132,000-square-foot distribution center, which has 2.6 million cubic feet of storage space, will supply more than 600 of Valero's Diamond Shamrock Corner Stores located across Texas with retail merchandise.
Tower Automotive Inc. announced that it has undertaken operational restructuring initiatives designed to reduce excess capacity and costs, and improve overall efficiency. The company announced that it will close its facilities in Belcamp, MD, Bowling Green, KY, and Corydon, IN. The facility closures are expected to be complete by June 30, 2005. Additionally, as a result of the changes in Corydon, Tower will reduce headcount at its Granite City, IL facility. In total, these actions will affect approximately 800 employees.
Sears Roebuck & Co. announced the opening of appliance departments and the addition of the nation's top appliance brands in 27 Sears Hardware stores in seven states. Sears now sells appliances in 115 Appliances and Hardware stores nationwide. Sears Appliances and Hardware stores sell products in four core businesses: Appliances, Lawn and Garden, Paint and Tools, in addition to a robust Hardware offering.
Wyndham International Inc. is investing $16.5 million into a series of gaming upgrades to its world-renowned Puerto Rican casino properties, designed to enhance the entire guest experience. The resorts are: Wyndham El Conquistador Resort & Golden Door(R) Spa; Wyndham Condado Plaza Hotel & Casino, which offers the largest number of slot machines on the island; and the Wyndham El San Juan Hotel & Casino, the largest casino on the island. By leveraging casino management technology, Wyndham is now able to properly identify, track and establish stronger relationships with the players that occupy its casino floors on a daily basis. One of the biggest benefits of this technology is the implementation of Wyndham's new casino players club, Players ByRequest, which is the only frequent players club valid at multiple locations in Puerto Rico.
According to sources, Topps Co. is considering strategic alternatives. Sources add that Topps Co. is looking to sell the confections, half of its business in what may be the first move toward breaking up the whole company. Sources add that potential bidders for the company's confections business could include Hershey Foods Corp., Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co., Tootsie Roll Industries Inc., and Huhtamaki Oyj.
Intel Corp. to expand platform of Centrino across number of areas, including the digital home, enterprises, health care and, more broadly, into mobility across worldwide markets. Centrino consists of is a bundle of three separate chips: a processor, a chipset and an 802.11b radio chip. What Intel gave the world in March 2003 was a platform. The concept was simple, provide a factory-tuned system that combines all three chips as efficiently and easily as possible. Developers no longer have to spend money and time trying to get various components to work together. It is this platform concept that Intel is looking to apply to other product areas as it seeks new opportunities for growth.
Cadence has closed its acclaimed design services unit which was seen as leading the way in showing the area could be home to think-tank employers rather than just manufacturing bases. The move is expected to see about 60 staff lose their jobs. The decision comes as a huge blow to Silicon Glen, where the firm was seen as the future of the area's flagging electronics industry after the global dot.com collapse.
Sun Microsystems Inc. announced it is reinforcing its commitment to the media and entertainment market with a new vertical group that will create technology solutions to meet Hollywood's insatiable appetite for reliable, fast, and open technology. Sun is already delivering the Digital Asset Management Reference Architecture, video management and storage products to leaders like Home Box Office (HBO), WGBH and Major League Baseball Advanced Media (MLBAM).Sun has appointed Sun Labs head Glenn Edens to the post of senior vice president of broadband, media and entertainment industry. Edens has an extensive background as a Sun Labs researcher, entrepreneur, corporate strategist and consultant in telco and computer design. He joins other industry leaders including Sun eight-year veteran Juan Dewar, now appointed new vice president of media and entertainment, bringing a deep understanding of the Java(TM) technology handheld market from his former post leading the Java technology mobility group for Sun. Sun also brought in Andy Sheldon, who was recently responsible for the applications and services initiatives at Microsoft TV and was senior director of product marketing at MSN TV. Lastly, Darrel Jordan-Smith is newly appointed vice president of the global telecommunications to continue driving innovation across the broadband and telecommunications market.
Verizon Online has expanded its availability in Barton, Derby, Island Pond, Lyndonville and Orleans so that more consumers and businesses in the Northeast Kingdom can enjoy the benefits of high-speed Internet access now. DSL broadband service from Verizon is available currently in Newport and St. Johnsbury. Verizon in October announced its plans to double the number of Vermont communities where super-fast DSL service is available and will soon introduce additional DSL service in Vermont. Verizon Online DSL subscribers can have news in an instant, share their digital photos with friends, quickly send e-mail attachments, buy and download movies and play interactive multi-player games in real time. DSL-powered businesses can increase productivity by spending less time doing research, paying bills online and e-mailing orders to suppliers.
CPI Corp. expects to open 70 or more portrait studios this year in connection with Kmart Holding Corp.'s purchase of Sears, Roebuck and Co. The added studios will be in new Sears Essentials stores, converted Kmart stores that combine popular Sears products, such as appliances and tools, with health and beauty aids and snacks.
Shares of Ann Taylor Stores Corp. climbed as much as 6% in early trading on April 20th 2005 as talk of a sale of the company re-emerged. Ann Taylor shares have bounced around since early February when analysts first began speculating that a sale of the troubled company was in the offing. Women's Wear Daily reported on 20th Aril that leverage buyout firms are eyeing the women's-apparel retailer.
Guilford Mills Inc. will close a polyester yarn plant in Greensboro and cut its workforce at a similar Fuquay-Varina plant by nearly half, costing about 230 workers of the former Fortune 500 textile maker their jobs. The two sites produce fibers used by the automobile industry and both are underutilized. The last work day for the 100 employees at the Hornaday Road plant in Greensboro and 130 workers at the plant in southern Wake County will be June 18.Guilford Mills announced the resignation of president and chief executive officer John Emrich. Emrich said that he was leaving Guilford Mills by mutual agreement.
Dominos Pizza Inc. announced that it is opening 11 more stores across the Midlands. Almost 300 jobs are to be created in the Midlands with the roll out of new stores by Domino's Pizza. The company is looking to take advantage of Britain's increasing love of convenience foods as it opens 11 more stores across the region by the end of the year. Domino's is now looking for sites to open up the new outlets, which will be a mixture of franchise and company owned premises.
Officemax Inc. announced that it has opened a seventh store in the Buffalo Niagara area in the Town of Lockport. The 21,000-square-foot office supply store takes part of a former Kmart at 5762 S. Transit Road. The store will employ about 22 full- and part-time employees.
The Seattle Division of Safeway Inc. announced the completion of their new state-of-the-art distribution center in Auburn, Washington located at 3520 Pacific Avenue South. Encompassing the regional distribution center is a 538,000 square feet dry goods warehouse and a 515,000 square foot refrigerated warehouse. Combined with this are a recycling center, trucking department, dispatch office, fuel station, truck repair shop and an administration center.
According to sources, Ford Motor Co is exploring the sale of the Hertz rental-car unit. The company may sell its Hertz rental-car unit to ensure future liquidity and is exploring the future of the unit.
Tag-It Pacific Inc. announced a significant expansion for its Talon division, designed to capitalize on recent historical growth and the Company's opportunities for additional growth. The Company intends to open a manufacturing facility in Guatemala during the current (second) quarter to service the entire Central America region. Collectively, Central America represents an estimated $30-40 million market annually and the Company intends to utilize this owner-operated facility to stimulate further growth.
Sprint Corp. has said that it plans to spin off its local business into an independent company after its acquisition of Nextel is final. The company's local business, meanwhile, posted basically flat revenue at $1.05 billion. The unit added 59,000 high-speed Internet accounts to bring its total to 551,000.
International Business Machines Corp. announced that it is going a step further, moving beyond IT and related fields into wider business, in the belief that expenditure on business processes with a big IT component supply chain management, human resources, customer care and engineering and design will be outsourced as enterprises focus on core business. Coupled with this are continuing technology advances, which will push down the internal cost of doing business.
Build-A-Bear Workshop® Where Best Friends Are Made® is opening a store at Westfield Shoppingtown Fox Valley in Aurora, Illinois on May 5. Westfield Shoppingtown Fox Valley is known for its exciting shopping experience and Build-A-Bear Workshop is thrilled to be able to offer Guests in Aurora a unique and exciting retail experience. As part of the opening, the first grade class at CI Johnson Elementary School will be making bears to donate to Mutual Ground as a way to help other children in need.
RR Donnelley & Sons Co. announced the opening of a new logistics facility in suburban Chicago. The 661,000 square foot building is designed to house the Logistics Control Center, a mail consolidation center, as well as the company's rapidly expanding co-mailing, co-palletization, co-mingling, and fulfillment operations. The facility, at the Windham Lakes business park in Bolingbrook, Ill., will also be the headquarters of RR Donnelley Logistics, one of the largest logistics operations in the United States. Nearly 40% of all standard mail in the United States is delivered into the U.S. postal system by RR Donnelley Logistics. The 40-acre Windham Lakes site includes the new 661,000 square foot building with 100 bays and parking for 300 semi-trailers.
JDS Uniphase Corp. announced that it is cutting 850 jobs as the company consolidates and sends more U.S. manufacturing out of the country. The company said the cuts will have no impact on Ottawa, where JDSU has more than 500 employees. JDSU said the 850 cuts represent 15% of the manufacturing workforce.
Eastman Kodak Co. is eliminating 12,000 to 15,000 jobs by 2007, which will trim its work force to around 50,000. It has axed more than 11,000 employees already, including 1,650 this year.
Maytag corp. plans layoffs in North canton. The company has already chopped hundreds of jobs across the country and reduced retiree health care benefits. More cuts are coming, particularly at plants in North Canton and Newton.
Google Inc. probably will expand its ad networks to television and mobile phones as the two media converge. More ads may be on the way as the companies offer advanced online services in conjunction with mobile phones, wireless Internet and TV. Google's video service that it introduced last week, which lets users download video files, might be accompanied by ads.
SBC Communications Inc. trimmed 1,800 jobs in the first quarter, which put it on track to meet its goal of cutting 7,000 jobs in 2005, primarily through attrition.
Cirrus Logic Inc. has announced its intent to divest its digital video product line assets and focus operations around its core, high-precision analog, mixed-signal and embedded integrated circuits (ICs) for audio and industrial applications. This action will position the company for continued growth within its expanding analog, mixed-signal and embedded markets. Cirrus Logic has retained Lehman Brothers as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with a potential transaction involving the digital video product line assets.
Rent-A-Center Inc. reported earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2005. The Company reported total revenues for the quarter ended of $601.9 million, a $16.5 million increase from $585.4 million for the same period in the prior year. Net earnings were $47.7 million, or $0.63 per diluted share against net earnings of $52.2 million or $0.63 per diluted share, for the same period in the prior year.For the second quarter, the Company expects total revenues to be in the range of $576 million to $584 million. Diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.51 to $0.55.For the full year, the Company expects total revenues to be in the range of $2.37 billion and $2.40 billion. Diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $2.20 to $2.30.The Company expects to open 10-15 new store locations during the second quarter 2005. The Company expects to open 70 - 80 new store locations in the year 2005.
Halliburton Co. has said that it is waiting to see how profitable its construction and government contracting unit KBR is over the next several quarters before deciding whether to sell it. KBR’s first-quarter operating profit rose to $105 million, despite sales dropping 26% to $2.8 billion after the unit completed a contract in Iraq. But KBR’s backlog rose $1 billion to $9.4 billion thanks to a liquefied natural gas contract. In the 2004 period, KBR lost $15 million on $3.5 billion in sales. Sachs & Co. is advising Halliburton on its options for KBR, which could fetch $4 billion.
Abbott Laboratories officially opened its new facilities in Longford and Sligo as part of a major expansion programme. The openings are part of Abbott's € 230 million expansion plan in Europe to meet the increasing global demand for diagnostic testing. This investment has already created 505 high quality new jobs in the region with more than 300 additional jobs planned before 2008.
Motorola Inc. integrates the supply chain of its each original divisions to the company's whole supply chain at present in order to develop the company in an all-round way and advance its working efficiency. Meanwhile, Motorola has made an adjustment in its personnel but not job cuts in order to coincide with its business.Motorola will start building its new automotive electronics factory in Tianjin in an all-round way in May of this year 2005.
Anadarko Petroleum Corp. announced that its deepwater Genghis Khan well in the Gulf of Mexico is a discovery, with open-hole logs indicating about 110 feet of high quality net oil pay in the lower Miocene formation and apparent additional pay uphole in the middle Miocene section. First production is expected in 2006 through subsea tieback to the Marco Polo platform, located 2.4 miles from the discovery. The discovery, located in a water depth of 4,300 feet on Green Canyon Block 652, was drilled to a total depth of about 26,000 feet in approximately half the time originally forecast. A delineation well is planned immediately. Anadarko has a 100% working interest in the block.
Best Buy Co. Inc. announced its expansion plans for its stand-alone Geek Squad stores and said it also intends to open lab stores in China in the next 12 to 18 months as part of its long-term growth strategy. In addition, the company announced a $1.5 billion share repurchase program.
Home Depot Inc. has signed a lease for a new, vacant 800,000-square-foot distribution center in Bolingbrook, making the home improvement retailer one of the largest warehouse users in the Chicago area, with about 3 million square feet of space. The Atlanta-based company is leasing 1701 Remington Drive, located along Interstate Highway 55 in the southwestern suburb.
Mass layoffs of 500 workers or more have been expected at the Sears Holdings Corp.'s campus in Hoffman Estates following Kmart's $12.3 billion takeover of Sears, Roebuck and Co.
FedEx Corp. will add as many as 75 hybrid trucks that run on electricity and diesel fuel to its fleet in the next year, boosting efficiency amid record fuel prices. The trucks travel 57% farther on a gallon of fuel than a conventional truck and will reduce fuel costs by more than a third. FedEx currently has 18 of the trucks.
K2 Inc. plans to cut its work force in San Diego County by 23%. The Carlsbad company will move the production and distribution lines for its K2 Licensing & Promotions subsidiary to St. Louis, laying off 54 local employees.
Ceridian Corp. announced that it has expanded its multinational payroll outsourcing solutions to serve workforces in more than 35 countries, with plans to exceed 50 countries by the end of the year. Ceridian Multinational Payroll Solutions enable global employers to contract with a single provider for all of its payroll needs, lessening the need to keep up-to-date with payroll regulations, as well as the cost and responsibility of employing payroll experts - in each country. A multinational payroll outsourcing engagement with Ceridian helps ensure that employers achieve full local compliance so that each country's payroll is completed according to the highest payroll standards and in compliance with local legislation. Ceridian's offerings are well suited to businesses with at least 100 employees operating in a combination of three or more countries.
Dell Inc. opened its previously announced contact center in El Salvador. This is Dell's second contact center in Latin America, and the company expects to hire 500 employees for it, including 100 bilingual staff.
Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Co. Inc. confirmed the closings of three Food Basics stores in Detroit and one each in Harper Woods, Highland Park, Lincoln Park, Melvindale, Sterling Heights and Wayne. Montvale, N.J.-based A&P also announced that it would close three Food Basics stores in the Toledo, Ohio area and two Farmer Jack stores in Southfield and Waterford. One Food Basics store in Dearborn Heights will remain open. Approximately 60 employees at each Food Basics store and a total of 125 employees at the two Farmer Jack stores will lose their jobs when the stores close in late July. The closings will leave A&P with 86 Farmer Jack stores in Michigan and Ohio. The chain, which owns 650 grocery stores in North America, would not comment on whether it was trying to sell any of the stores slated for closing.
P-Com, Inc. announced that it is divesting certain unprofitable licensed product lines and focusing its resources on expanding its license exempt, and repair and maintenance businesses, as part of its restructuring plan.
Procter & Gamble announced a $12 million expansion at the facility for a distribution center at the Iams Pet Food Facility. The company will build a 225,000-square-foot facility that will be responsible for customer shipments to retailers nationwide.
Starbucks Corp. confirmed plans to open a further 1500 branches worldwide in its current financial year after posting a 27% surge in quarterly profits.
Kraft Foods Inc. has said that it is looking to sell those brands in which the company does not have sustainable competitive advantage. The sales will be those that represent less than a mid-single-digit percentage of the company's total revenue.
Enterasys Networks Inc. plans to lay off 300 employees at all levels of the computer networking company. Company officials said the layoffs, which will account for about 30% of the company's employees, are aimed at cutting expenses by as much as $13 million per quarter.
Intergraph Corp. will cut 150 to 200 jobs in a restructuring of its business divisions. Intergraph expects to save between $12 million to $15 million per year from the cuts, which are expected to be completed by the second quarter of 2006.
According to sources, Dow Jones & Co. may become the target of a buyout if the stock continues to fall. Sources add that a major investor has asked the company's board to consider a sale. The investor thinks the company paid too much when it bought MarketWatch Inc. for $528 million in January. Earnings and sales have been slow to grow, and the stock has fallen by 50 percent in the past year.
Polaris Industries Inc. laid off 34 people at its Roseau, Minn., production plant. The Roseau layoffs were part of a companywide workforce reduction that affected 60 of the company's 3,800 employees nationwide. The layoffs, which represent less than 3% of the company's workforce in Roseau, were caused by a decrease in snowfall in the last seven years and an increase in gas and manufacturing costs.
The president of The Timken Co. showed off an upgraded continuous rolling mill at Timken Latrobe Steel, saying fierce competition in the specialty steel business made the $22 million investment necessary. The upgraded mill, spanning about 146,000 square feet, is able to roll high-speed steels, die steels, bearing steels, stainless steel and titanium and nickel alloys. The specialized rolling mill can accommodate steel billets ranging in weight from 500 to 1,200 pounds. Timket Co. announced earnings results for the year ended December 31, 2004. The company reported sales for last year totaled $4.5 billion, up from $3.7 billion in 2003, a 19% increase. Net income was $135.7 million, or $1.49 per diluted share, up from $36.5 million, or 44 cents a share, the previous year.
Aeropostale Inc. announced that it will open a store at the Newgate Mall in Ogden on May 20. The company opened 101 stores in 2004 and has plans to open more than 90 stores in 2005. The company did not disclose whether any more store openings are planned in Utah.
Solectron Corp. announced that it plans to lay off 3,500 employees during the next year, extending a purge driven by weakening demand from its outsourcing services. The cuts represent a 6% reduction in Solectron's work force of 57,000 employees worldwide. Most of the layoffs will occur outside the United States. As part of its reorganization, Solectron also plans to close plants and offices spanning a combined 850,000 square feet in Europe and North America.
Under pressure from Dell and others, Hewlett-Packard is taking steps to reduce the work force in its franchise Imaging and Printing division, which employs about 2,000 people in San Diego. The company confirmed that it has offered voluntary severance packages to some employees in the printing division.
Wynn Resorts Ltd. opened the world's most expensive casino, a $2.7-billion US resort with a nine-storey mountain and waterfall, a championship golf course, paintings by Picasso and Van Gogh, and $2,000-a-night rooms.
Huntsman Corp. announced that it will increase ethanolamine capacity at Port Neches, TX by 70 million lbs/year, bringing total capacity to 410 million lbs/year. Huntsman says engineering for the project is under way, and it expects to have the new capacity online by first-quarter 2006.
Marvel Enterprises Inc. is enhancing its focus on the supermarket arena through three expanded or new agreements. The company has finalized expanded licensing agreements with Unilever Ice Cream, the largest manufacturer of branded packaged ice cream and frozen novelty products in North America, and Brach's Confections Inc., one of America's leading manufacturers of confections and fruit snacks. In addition, Marvel has entered into a new agreement with BrandSource, a beverage brand and marketing firm that develops and delivers high quality, innovative beverage products to the retail food industry.
Island Pacific Inc. announced a strategic plan to integrate its product lines and unify its processes and operations. As part of this plan, Island Pacific will reduce its workforce by approximately 14% or 30 employees worldwide. This reduction will mean approximately $2.7 million in annual savings.
Borders Books & Music will open a 22,000 square-foot store in Tarentum, Pennsylvania, in July. The store's new location will be in the Galleria at Pittsburgh Mills at the intersection of U.S. Route 28 and Interstate 76. The new store will be Borders' 21st in the state of Pennsylvania, including three stores in nearby Pittsburgh. The new site was selected based on a variety of factors including consumer demographics, the strength of the co-tenants, traffic patterns, the availability of parking and the overall attractiveness of the site.
United Parcel Service America Inc. will sink in $1.4 million this year to expand its $300-million network facility in Clark, Pampanga to meet rising demand in Asia. The expansion will allow UPS to add delivery flights to Osaka, Japan and Xiamen, China from the Diosdado Macapagal International Airport in Clark where it operates its Intra-Asia Hub. It will also triple the package sorting capacity of the Intra-Asia Hub to 7,500 packages per hour and increase staffing by 40% to 200 workers.
Terra Industries Inc. mothballed its ammonia plant in Donaldsonville indefinitely. The plant, which has an annual production capacity of 500,000 tons, has not operated since last December. The facility will be used as a storage and distribution center.
McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurants Inc. announced that it has expanded its nationwide presence with the addition of two new restaurants to its growing portfolio, marking the company's entry into the North Carolina market and further growth in the Portland area. The first North Carolina-based McCormick & Schmick's restaurant is in Charlotte, where the company plans to open another location early this summer. The company also has opened an M & S Grill at the Bridgeport Village in Tigard, Ore. McCormick & Schmick's plans to open a total of seven new restaurants by the end of 2005.
Mestek Inc. plans to spin off Omega-Flex to enhance shareholder value. The shares of Mestek have risen in value since the announcement in January of the plan to spin off fast-growing OmegaFlex Inc. Mestek owns 86 percent of OmegaFlex.
Sara Lee Corp.'s branded-apparel division plans to cut about 350 positions in the division that produces Champion sportswear and intimate clothing under the Bali, Playtex, L'eggs and Wonderbra names. The Winston-Salem based division said that it's offering a voluntary separation program to managerial, professional and support staff who are interested in leaving the company, but that there also will be layoffs.
ChevronTexaco Corp. announced that it has ordered two liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers from Samsung Heavy Industries of South Korea to support the planned growth in the company's LNG business. The new LNG carriers will have a capacity of 154,800 cubic meters each. Both carriers will be of membrane-type design and equipped with dual fuel diesel-electric propulsion. The two carriers are planned for delivery in 2009.
This summer, Microsoft Corp. will start design work on two office buildings that will have a total of more than 500,000 square feet when software workers move in by the fall of 2007. These are the first of 13 similar buildings and 8 garages that Microsoft plans to build within 10 to 20 years. The company also plans to demolish and rebuild 600,000 square feet of older buildings that lack the power and cooling capacity needed for modern computer equipment. Employees will remain in close proximity to collaborate on projects, like developing the next generation of the Windows operating system under the code name Longhorn. The campus already has the population and many of the amenities of a small city. The aroma of food at lunchtime wafts across Microsoft's woodsy grounds from eight cafeterias that serve meals for 28,000 employees.
Lubrizol Corp. plans this year to sell businesses with annual sales as much as $500 million, using proceeds to slash debt. Lubrizol said that details on the businesses to be sold will be issued to potential buyers this quarter. The company added that assets, with annual sales of $300 million to $500 million, aren't part of Lubrizol's main business. Proceeds from the sales will help reduce net debt to 43 percent of capital from 52 percent in 2004.
Tower Automotive Inc. is set to lay off about 430 employees between 29 June and 12 July as the company discontinues production of Dodge Ram frames at its Milwaukee plant. The job cuts include 413 union workers and 17 salaried employees.
United Rentals Inc. reported revenue results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2005. Total revenues for the first quarter 2005 were $732 million, an increase of 13.5% against $645 million for the same period last year.  The company expects diluted earnings per share of $0.15 for the first quarter of 2005.For the full year of 2005, the company anticipate total revenues of $3.4 billion, diluted earnings per share of $1.60 to $1.70.The company opened 10 new branches this year and plan to open a total of 30 to 35 by year-end.
Alcoa announced that its Alcoa World Alumina and Chemicals affiliate and the Jamaican government have approved plans to expand an alumina refinery by 150,000 metric tons per year. Alcoa announced the Jamalco refinery in Clarendon, Jamaica will undergo an overall expansion of 1.5 million metric tons per year. The first phase of the expansion will cost about $77 million. Alcoa said it has another commitment of $25 million on the entire project over the next three months.
ITT Industries Inc. announced that it will open a new brake pad production facility in Searcy, Arkansas. The new plant will produce brake pads for the automotive industry in North America. The state-of-the-art 136,000-square-foot facility will help ITT Industries' Friction Materials division to accelerate production of break pads for the automotive industry in the U.S. The plant is expected to be completed and in operation by the third quarter of 2005.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is negotiating to build its first mall-based store in the Washington region. Wal-Mart operates 32 stores in the region, including two in Loudoun County. With large plots of commercially zoned land growing scarce and jurisdictions across the region passing tough zoning rules against big-box retailers, the company is rethinking its traditional store designs.
ArvinMeritor planned to cut 1,850 jobs, or about 6% of its global work force. The cuts would primarily affect its light-vehicle segment, most of which is located outside the United States. The company employs about 31,000 people at more than 120 plants in 25 countries. ArvinMeritor said it would cut 300 salaried employees and 1,550 hourly employees at 11 plants that it expected to close or consolidate. The cuts are in addition to 400 to 500 job eliminations that the company announced earlier this year.
PriceSmart Inc. announced that for the month of April 2005, net sales increased 16.9% to $54.2 million from $46.3 million in April a year earlier. For the eight months ended April 30, 2005, net sales increased 10.4% to $441.8 million from $400.0 million in the same period last year.For the four weeks ended May 1, 2005, comparable warehouse sales for warehouse clubs open at least 12 full months increased 15.9% against the same four-week period last year. For the thirty four weeks ended May 1, 2005, comparable warehouse sales for stores open at least 12 full months increased 9.8%.The Company also announced that, due to delays in obtaining the necessary building permits, the Company's fourth warehouse club location planned for San Jose, Costa Rica probably will not open prior to the end of calendar year 2005.
Cardinal Health Inc. will close a unit that trades in the secondary drug market where products are purchased from other drug wholesalers instead of directly from the drug makers. Cardinal Health will eliminate about 20 jobs by the end of June.
Alcoa Inc. will close its KAMA Global plant in Elyria by Sept. 30, eliminating 66 jobs. The plant southwest of Cleveland makes plastic sheeting for deli trays and clamshell sandwich containers.
ITT Industries Inc. will hire 30 people and invest $10 million - with the promise of more to come - to convert the tubing plant it abandoned in December into a brake-pad production facility, said Buck Layne, president of the Searcy Chamber of Commerce. The White Plains, N.Y., industrial and auto equipment manufacturer has committed to hiring 80 employees within two years, and making an additional $24.2 million in machinery and equipment purchases over the next five years.
TK Maxx announced that it has doubled the size of its store at the Broad Street Mall shopping centre in Reading to 43,000 sq ft (3,995 sq m) over two trading levels. It is taking a new 15-year lease at £ 350,000 a year. At the same time, Card Factory, Shoe Care, Subway and Rosebys have agreed new leases.
Northwest Airlines Corp. is planning to order 18 of Boeing Co.'s next new commercial jet, the 787 Dreamliner, and could take as many as 50 more planes as part of the deal. The 18 planes are worth almost $2.2 billion at a list price of $120 million each. If Northwest goes for all 68 jets, the deal's value would rise to about $8.16 billion at list prices. Northwest, which plans to be the first carrier in North America to put the plane into service in 2008, plans to seat 36 passengers in its business class service and 185 in coach. Deliveries will start in August of that year.
Procter & Gamble (P&G) has pledged to invest an additional PHP 1.5 billion in its Philippine operations, some of which will be used to expand the capacity of its manufacturing plant in the province of Laguna, near the capital Manila.
OfficeMax Inc. announced the opening of its first Greeley superstore. The 20,000 square-foot OfficeMax store, located at 4759 W. 29th St. in the Greeley Commons shopping center, features a customer-friendly layout and one-stop shopping for all office-related needs. The store will employ approximately 30 full- and part-time associates. The store is OfficeMax's 25th in Colorado, and is one of 40 new stores nationwide that the retailer plans to open in 2005.
OfficeMax Inc. will respond to local business and consumer needs with the opening of its first Wentzville, Mo. superstore. The new store, located in the Wentzville Crossroads Marketplace, will host a four-day grand opening celebration Thursday through Sunday, May 19 - 22. The 20,000 square-foot OfficeMax store, located at 1927 Wentzville Parkway in the Wentzville Crossroads Marketplace, provides one-stop shopping for all office-related needs. The store will employ approximately 25 full- and part- time associates.
Global Hyatt Corporation is expanding in the Middle East, opening six more hotels in the next three years. The company will open seven hotels in the Middle East and North Africa (Mena) region, with two of them in the UAE, three in Egypt, one in Jordan and one in Morocco.
Procter & Gamble announced that it will invest in the Philippines around $10 million annually over the next three years as it makes the country its major manufacturing and service hub in Asia. P&G said it intends to make the Philippines the regional source and exporter of its paper products, toilet soaps, dishwashing liquid and detergent products to other Asian countries. The company said it also intends to expand the operations of its Manila Service Center by providing support services to more P&G operations worldwide, including Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
United Parcel Service Inc. announced plans to construct five regional freight hubs at airports across the country. The regional facilities, when completed and brought on line next year, will support a main freight hub to be constructed in Louisville, Ky., home to the company's main all-points air hub. The six facilities will form the backbone of an expansive air network for the movement of heavy freight for customers of UPS Supply Chain Solutions. The new facilities will be constructed in Ontario, Calif.; Rockford, Ill.; Dallas; Philadelphia, and Columbia, S.C. Those airports already serve as regional hubs for UPS's separate small package network, meaning UPS jets are routinely flying in and out every day.
McData Corp. plans to cut at least 500 jobs after it acquires competitor Computer Network Technology Corp. The cuts will represent about 25% of the combined company's work force, executives said Monday. Each firm has about 1,000 workers. 
Sprint Corp. announced that it will cut 550 more jobs, the final cuts in an already-announced plan to eliminate a total of 5,850 positions. The company reported in a quarterly filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission that it has already spent $192 million in severance costs and will spend $23 million to complete the plan.
According to sources, Walt Disney Co. is weighing getting out of the traditional radio business. Sources add that the media conglomerate is weighing what to do with its ABC Radio division and that a sale for well over $1 billion is an option. The company is deciding whether (radio) fits with their core businesses. But it's still in the early stages. Sources further add that while Disney does not break out the radio unit in its operating report an estimate from trade publication Inside Radio estimates the division had revenue of $435 million in 2004, which would make it No. 3 behind Clear Channel, with radio revenue of about $3.8 billion in revenue last year from radio.
Coeur d'Alene Mines Corp. reported that its major Kensington Gold Project in Alaska recently received the remaining state permits needed for construction of the project, with all remaining federal permits expected to be completed and issued by the end of the second quarter, 2005. Following the issuance of these permits, it is expected the Company will then make a final construction decision with a view toward a targeted construction startup of July 1. Kensington is designed to produce approximately 100,000 ounces of gold annually, with a mine life of approximately ten years.
Layoffs scheduled to begin for workers in the commercial aircraft division that Boeing Co. is selling to Onex Corp. have been delayed until next month. More than 8,000 workers were notified that their employement is ending and that they can apply to work for Onex. The layoffs were scheduled to start and continue through May 27, 2005. But workers received a memo informing them that the layoffs would occur between June 2, 2005 and June 15, 2005.
Microsoft announced that it has expanded its end-user intellectual property (IP) protection policy to cover customers in Malaysia using a wide range of current and earlier versions of its software.
Burger King Corp. announced that it will keep its headquarters in South Florida by agreeing to a 15-year lease on a new, 250,000-square-foot building in Coral Gables. The company had considered moving its headquarters to Texas or elsewhere in part because of high Florida real estate costs. But Greg Brenneman, Burger King chairman and chief executive officer, said the new location will effectively consolidate operations for all the company's Miami-area personnel.
Walt Disney Co. plans to cut about 1,000 information-technology jobs and outsource them to two other companies beginning in mid-July. The long-anticipated cuts, outlined to employees on Thursday, affect one-third of the company's 3,000 IT jobs, which provide technical and network support at company offices in Orlando, Los Angeles and New York. The number of positions to be outsourced in Orlando is 230, according to a notice filed with the state.
CIENA Corp. is slashing Ottawa operations and it will cut 80 jobs from the former Catena Networks access products division in a bid to generate profits. Some of the founders of Catena, Ottawa's richest startup, were hit by the top-to-bottom shakeup. CIENA also plans to shift some future research work offshore to get closer to customers and improve profitability.
According to sources, Overseas Shipholding Group may seek to raise more than $700 million by spinning off its liquefied natural gas shipping business. Sources add that the move may follow that of Teekay Shipping Corp's creation of Teekay LNG Partners, which sold shares in a $152 million initial public offering this month.
Level 3 Communications has said that it will spin off its software and services group as a public company called Technology Spectrum. Technology Spectrum will trade on the NASDAQ under the "TSPE" ticker symbol. Neither the offering date nor share price has been set. Level 3 Financing, another Level 3 subsidiary, is the sole seller of the stock and will receive all the proceeds.
A minority investor in Topps Co. is prepared to stage a proxy fight to gain representation on the company's board of directors, with the intention of seeking the sale of the iconic confectioner. Pembridge Capital Management has given notice to Topps that it intends to nominate its own slate of directors at the company's 2005 annual meeting, according to a source. Pembridge owns less than 5% of Topps. Bankers familiar with Topps said books are out on the confection part of the business and that Lehman Brothers Inc. is financial adviser in connection with that sale.
Scripps Networks Inc. announced plans for the first of several broadband channels to be launched over the next year, each featuring highly specific programming within its existing lifestyle categories for direct delivery to targeted consumers and affinity groups via the Internet. The new content strategy is consistent with the targeted approach that has proven so successful for the Scripps cable networks. Scripps Networks will introduce two to three broadband channels in 2005 with plans to launch as many as 10 over the next two years.
General Electric Co. announced that it has opened its GE Automotive Center of Excellence. Located at Two Towne Square in Southfield, Michigan, the center will offer value-added services, technologies and solutions to the automotive sector. The new Center of Excellence was designed around GE's portfolio of automotive-related businesses, including GE Advanced Materials, GE Infrastructure, GE Energy, GE Commercial Finance, and GE Fleet. By housing all its businesses with an automotive relevance in the same area, GE is hoping to create a focused environment that allows information to flow across the different organizations, in order to provide customers with a concentrated, efficient and maximized service. This contemporary facility integrates an Automotive Center of Excellence exhibition area, highlighting innovations across all of the company's businesses.
Wal-Mart Supercenter, slated to open in the fall of 2006, will take the place of the former MidCity Shopping Center along Frederick Boulevard. The 150,000-square-foot store will be Portsmouth's first Wal-Mart and will include a grocery, a tire-and-lube service, a garden center and a retail store. City officials also hope that it will become the magnet drawing other retail development to the area, where residents for years have clamored for the return of stores and restaurants.
PRA International announced the creation of the PRA Neurobehavioral Unit (NBU). The addition of the NBU strengthens PRA's industry-leading central nervous system (CNS) global clinical development services, which includes, in-house study design consulting, regulatory expertise, a global investigator network, long-standing relationships with key opinion leaders and study-specific investigator training. The neuropsychologists, neurologists and psychiatrists that staff PRA's NBU have the specialized expertise that helps pharmaceutical and biotechnology researchers make informed decisions at all stages of phase I - IV CNS product development. The study-specific rater training and certification programs developed by PRA's NBU assure consistency in the acquisition, analysis and quality of subjective neurobehavioural data, resulting in clean data, safer drugs and healthy patients.
SonicWALL Inc. announced that it has formed a Government Systems Group to extend its reach to Federal and state government bodies and provide specialized support to channel partners focused on government IT departments. The move will also increase awareness of SonicWALL's powerful, simple and affordable security solutions among government offices to help them defend against attacks or accidents and maintain IT defenses in the face of cybersecurity challenges. The company also announced that it has retained Gregory C. McNulty to head the initiative. McNulty has more than 25 years of experience sales and marketing to Government markets and was previously founder and CEO at Cranite Systems. Prior to that, McNulty held executive leadership roles at companies including Nx Networks, Microsoft, Rugged Digital Systems, and Wind River Systems and was also a member of the TechNet CEO Cybersecurity task force.
Honeywell International Inc. has said that it is looking to divest itself of some of its assets that aren't performing as well as it would like, including the nylon portion of its specialty materials business.
Honeywell International Inc. plans to sell its nylon and friction-materials businesses to focus on faster growing product segments. The nylon business, which makes carpet fibers, had about $1.72 billion in sales last year while friction materials, which makes Bendix brake components, had sales of $907 million. The company plans to focus on high-margin, fast-growing businesses such as automotive turbochargers and non-ozone-depleting refrigerants to drive sales and earnings.
General Electric Co., which sold shares in the company's Genworth Financial mortgage and life- insurance unit in March, plans to exit most insurance businesses to focus on faster growing areas such as consumer finance. The company is also looking to sell "most if not all" primary insurance businesses from its reinsurance unit.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that it has opened a new Wal-Mart Supercenter at Centre Pointe. The new Wal-Mart is about 203,000 square feet, covering more ground than four football fields. It employs about 450 people. Besides traditional mass-merchandise offerings, the store has a grocery section, a photo lab, a pharmacy, a tire and oil-change shop, a hair salon and a nail salon, among other services. The Centre Pointe store will be the first in North Charleston featuring the chain's new supercenter design. That means a new store layout and color scheme, as well as flat-screen televisions throughout the store broadcasting offerings from the Wal-Mart TV Network.
General Electric Co. fired 125 employees and disciplined 243 others last year. The 125 firings, comparable to prior years, involved issues such as petty theft and inappropriate use of company equipment and time sheets. They stem from 1,338 integrity concerns reported to the company, according to the report.
Alcoa Inc. has said that it plans to shut Kentucky Auto-Part Castings Plant by the end of the year, the result of what it called excess capacity in its automotive castings manufacturing system. Closing the Hawesville, Ky., facility affects 158 employees and will result in Alcoa taking a pretax charge of $45 million to $50 million against second-quarter results. Alcoa said it plans to sell the plant, which is currently operating at less than 20%.
Colgate-Palmolive Co. announced plans to shut its Salford production plant by the end of 2007 with the loss of 500 jobs. The company said employees were assured that all plans resulting from the announcement would be consistent with the company's values and that the company will provide assistance for all the affected employees.
Colgate-Palmolive Co. is to axe 400 jobs with the closure of a North West factory. Workers at the plant in Salford. The move is part of a previously-announced programme to cut jobs and close factories to source products in the most efficient and effective way. The New York-based firm said the plant, near Manchester, was expected to close by the end of 2007.
Home Depot announced that it will close 15 of its unprofitable Expo Design Center stores, including a location in Lenexa, Kan. The Lenexa store probably would close in the coming months, after customers' current home improvement projects have been completed. Home Depot also will convert five of its Expo stores to Home Depots and will continue to operate 34 profitable Expo stores.
According to sources, Overseas Shipholding Group Inc. is preparing to float part of its business through an initial public offering routed through a foreign-based enterprise not bound by the rigid disclosure code that governs US-based firms. The company is filing a Form F-1 registration statement, required of foreign private issuers, as opposed to the traditional Form S-1 required of ordinary US-based IPO aspirants. Rumours of a spin-off first began circulating when OSG acquired Stelmar Shipping at the end of last year for $ 1.3bn, including $ 450m in assumed debt. The increased debt burden immediately provoked Standard & Poor's and Moody's to warn that OSG's credit rating could be lowered. It would need to recoup some cash fast and perhaps a sale-and-leaseback or hiving off of existing tankers into a new company would achieve this quickest, it was argued. Much has been made of Teekay Shipping's successful spin-off of Teekay LNG Partners in a $ 151.8m offering in New York last week. However, doubts prevail whether OSG can match Teekay in the effective yield garnered on the latter's IPO. Unlike Teekay, OSG does not have existing LNG tonnage.
RadioShack Corp. will open a sleek rotunda-shaped flagship location Friday that will feature an interactive theater, games, and the latest in electronic tools and toys. Inside the airy 10,000-square-foot StoreOne - four to five times larger than a regular RadioShack - displays are set fashionably far apart. There's a Starbucks in one corner.
International Paper Co. announced that it is laying off 86 workers at its Bastrop mill. The mill employs more than 800 and has an annual payroll of $50 million. The company plans an indefinite shutdown of a paper machine and associated equipment. The shutdown is due to escalating input costs for energy, wood, chemicals and transportation and difficult market conditions.
International Business Machines Corp. announced to cut 7,000 jobs in Europe and 1,000 in Asia as part of a program to eliminate 13,000 jobs to improve performance and results in a big services business. IBM has about 1,000 Ottawa employees predominately in services and consulting.
Polaris Industries Inc. announced that its new research and development center is weeks away from its grand opening in Wyoming, Minn. But the buzz among residents is still about a closing. To land the $35 million center and the 330 jobs it will bring to Chisago County, local officials agreed to close a two-lane county road that carried hundreds of commuters each day. Polaris wants the road closed so it can test the all-terrain vehicles it makes without the risks of traffic or the prying eyes of competitors.
Tellabs Inc. will close its Miramar office in late July, eliminating about 90 jobs. Tellabs, based in Naperville, Ill., is consolidating some research and development jobs into fewer locations.
Whole Foods Market is building a 158,000-square-foot regional distribution center on East Johnson Avenue that is expected to initially bring 80 new jobs to town, with more to follow. Construction began earlier in May 2005. Borghesi Building & Engineering Co. Inc., is designing and building the project for the organic supermarket chain. The distribution center will have 90,000 square feet of refrigerated warehouse space, 60,000 square feet of dry goods space and 8,000 square feet of office space. It is slated to open in October 2005 and will stock 60 Whole Foods Market stores throughout the Northeast within the next five years. The chain is building a 42,550-square-foot store in West Hartford, but has not announced when that will open.
Grand Hyatt DFW, the only Grand Hyatt located at an airport and one of the most upscale hotels at any airport in the world, will open July 1, 2005. The new hotel adjoins the new International Terminal D at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and marks the first Grand Hyatt to be built in Texas. New Grand Hyatt hotel will offer international and domestic travelers a new luxurious alternative for overnight stays, conferences and other events. DFW Airport will own the hotel and Chicago-based Hyatt Hotels Corporation will manage the property for the Airport.
According to sources, HealthSouth Corp., whose former CEO, Richard Scrushy, is on trial for accounting fraud, is considering a sale of its diagnostics unit. Sources add that HealthSouth has retained Deutsche Bank AG to consider options for the unit and that the unit could fetch between $150 million and $200. Books have yet to go out to potential buyers, which are expected to include both private equity firms attracted to the unit's stable cash flows and low capital expenditures, as well as strategic buyers. 
To accommodate its growing presence in the Huntsville area, Northrop Grumman Corp. will construct a new five-building complex in Cummings Research Park. The company has selected developer Colonial Properties Trust for the $80 million project to be located off Interstate 565. Colonial Properties is a real estate investment trust headquartered in Birmingham, Ala. Northrop Grumman plans to break ground on the first 110,000-square-foot building June 27, 2005. Northrop Grumman employs about 1,200 people in the Huntsville area, in more than 20 facilities. Most current operations will be consolidated in the new headquarters facility, which will house offices, laboratories, and research and development centers.
Mercury Interactive Corp., which recently launched its new Information Technology Governance Centre and Mercury Managed Services, aims to help local companies and banks to manage their IT data efficiently. The company said through the centre and services, the company expected to enable chief information officers and IT executives to manage the priorities, processes and people of IT. Among the centre's offerings include an enhanced set of software applications and best practices, an executive dashboard and an enterprise foundation, all aimed to help IT companies to automate and manage IT business processes.
Northwest Airlines Corp. has proposed cutting 2, 031 jobs, or nearly half of its mechanics, in a bid to save $176 million a year, according to a statement issued on the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association (AMFA) website. The airline is also asking the 2,381 mechanics who would remain to take a cut in their base pay of about 26%, the union said.
Whole Foods Market Inc. has closed the wine shop in its store in the lower level of the Time Warner Center on Columbus Circle after pleading no contest to charges from state liquor officials that it was illegally operating it in a grocery store. Citing state law that requires wine and liquor stores to have a separate entrance at street level and prohibits them from selling food, the Division of Alcoholic Beverage Control fined Whole Foods $5,000 on April 7 and gave it 30 days to sell off its stock. Whole Foods closed the shop on May 9 and surrendered its liquor license to the agency.
ATP Oil & Gas Corp. announced first production from its Matagorda Island 709 A-4 ST-1 (MI 709 A-4 ST-1) well and its High Island 74 No. 1 (HI 74) well. The MI 709 A-4 ST-1 well, located in 145 feet of water, was completed in an upper Miocene Marg A sand at 9,715 feet TVD. The MI 709 A-4 ST-1 is the third currently producing well at the Company's Matagorda 704/709 complex. ATP operates MI 709 with a 62.5% working interest. The HI 74 No. 1 well, located in 41 feet of water, was completed in Miocene Rob L sand at 8,760 feet TVD. ATP operates HI 74 with a 75% working interest. The completion and first production from the High Island 74 property enhances the success ratio to 38 out of 39 properties brought from a proved undeveloped status to production, an ATP successful completion record of 97%. The company also announced that it adds two new producing wells. With the addition of the wells at High Island and at Matagorda Island, ATP has placed four new wells on production in 2005. These projects in the Brazos, Eugene Island and West Cameron areas of the Gulf of Mexico and in the Dutch sector of the North Sea are on schedule to contribute to ATP's production beginning in the 3rd and 4th quarters of 2005. At the Company's Mississippi Canyon 711 project, rig operations began on May 4, 2005 with anchoring of the rig and installation immediately thereafter of tubing head adapters on each well.
United Technologies Corp. has hired a Dallas company to handle payroll and other financial services, a move that will affect 190 UTC employees, including 125 who work in Windsor.
Ball Corp. announced that it plans to close a metal food container manufacturing plant near Montreal and will record in the second quarter an after-tax charge of $6 million related to the closure. The plant closure is expected to occur before the end of the year and will be cash positive by approximately $3 million following proceeds on sale of assets and tax recoveries associated with the action.
Oracle Corporation announced the opening of a permanent office and training center in Jordan. The new office will provide technical and presales support to the company's customer base in the region, whereas the center will provide consulting services to customers across Europe with a focus on the telecommunications market and wireless applications.
Oshkosh Truck Corp. announced that it has completed the purchase of additional manufacturing facilities near its headquarters in Oshkosh, Wis. The company has begun upgrading the 300,000 square foot production facility and plans to invest approximately $4 million to optimize it for remanufacturing defense trucks, many of which are returning from extensive service in Iraq. The facility upgrades include installation of an automated line for blast and paint operations, new cells for component disassembly and refurbishing, new overhead cranes and a dedicated line for vehicle teardown.
Mestek Inc. has said that its board set June 23 as the record date for holders receiving distributions from the company's spin off of its interest in Omega Flex Inc. Mestek disclosed in January that its chief executive had proposed to take the company private and spin off its 86% stake in Omega Flex, pro rata, to shareholders. 
General Motors Corporation announced that it will lay off 1,000 workers from May 30, 2005 to June 3, 2005 in response to a bigger-than-expected slump in the car market.
Hillenbrand Industries Inc. said that its Batesville Casket unit will close its plant in Nashua, New Hampshire and consolidate production into its Panola, Miss. plant. Hillenbrand said the consolidation of the two plants will result in charges of about $4.4 million, $2.4 million of which will be taken in the third quarter. The additional $2.4 million in costs will occur over the course of the plant closing.
Best Buy's so-called Geek Squad is expanding. The Vancouver-based service, which has been offered primarily through Best Buy stores, will now be available over the next few months for Future Shop customers and other Best Buy partners. Separate Geek Squad stores should be open to the public by September 2005. The stores will also sell software and accessories for computers.
Best Buy Co. Inc. announced three Best Buy stores in Colorado will launch a store-within-a-store concept, in a move to attract and better serve small-business owners and home-theater aficionados. The renovated stores are in Lone Tree, Broomfield and Lakewood. One hundred fifty stores nationwide are part of the rollout, with official grand openings June 8. Best Buy is also launching its Best Buy for Business Center, a portion of the store that caters to small-business owners. The centers will offer in-store and at-home computer and software training, as well as in-store networking opportunities in partnership with area chambers of commerce.
The U.S. food giant H.J. Heinz Company announced that it plans to sell off some of its international operations, following a successful downsizing of its North American operations. Heinz wants to sell its HAK line of prepared vegetables in northern Europe.
Parker-Hannifin Corp.'s Mayfield Heights home will soon greatly increase in size. The company announced plans for a 100,000-square-foot addition to its current 208,000-square-foot worldwide headquarters at 6035 Parkland Blvd. The building currently houses offices for approximately 600 people involved in sales, information technology, marketing and senior leadership positions. Personnel will be moved from other Parker locations in Northeast Ohio to the headquarters, and personnel in the current building will move into the addition. The addition will be three stories high and feature an exterior of glass, steel and masonry.
On May 23, 2005 TriQuint Semiconductor Inc. notified its employees of a plan to reduce staffing at its Apopka, Florida and San Jose, Costa Rica operations by approximately 130 individuals. This reduction in force was made due to declining quarterly revenue from these operations and is expected to be completed during the quarter ending June 30, 2005. The Company will incur approximately $500,000 to $600,000 of severance and employee related expenses as a result of the reduction, all of which are cash charges.
Appaloosa Management L.P., holding a 15.3% stake in Walter Industries Inc., suggested the company consider spinning off or selling its homebuilding and financing units, as well as authorizing a stock buyback program, according to an amended Schedule 13D filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Appaloosa Management said it agrees with another investor group that there is "significant unrealized value in the company's shares" and that the board "should consider strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value," but it doesn't necessarily agree with some of the strategic alternatives proposed by the investor group, which made its requests earlier. 
Pinnacle Entertainment Inc. announced that L'Auberge du Lac, the Company's $365 million casino resort located in Lake Charles, Louisiana, opened to the public on May 26. Located on 227 acres of land, L'Auberge offers approximately 745 guestrooms, several restaurants, approximately 28,000 square feet of meeting space, a championship golf course designed by Tom Fazio, an expansive pool area, retail shops and a full-service spa. Unlike most other riverboat casinos, all of the public areas at L'Auberge (except the parking garage), and in particular the casino, are situated entirely on one level. The casino is surrounded on three sides by the hotel facility and other guest amenities, providing convenient access to approximately 1,600 slot machines and 60 table games.
CONSOL Energy Inc. wants to expand a mine near West Virginia in a $500 million project that will create 400 new jobs. Consol submitted an application with the state to expand underground mining and add processing facilities to the Enlow Fork mine near Enon, about 15 miles northeast of the company's closest operations in Marshall County, W.Va. The expansion would increase the mine's capacity by about 70%.
Costco Wholesale Corp. announced that it expected to increase its rate of expansion significantly in its coming fiscal year, with 25-30 new warehouses planned in the US and internationally. Expansion is deliberately and definitely ramping up. Costco currently operates 452 warehouse stores, including 334 in the US, and has been seeking to expand in the face of increasing public scrutiny in the US of development of big box retailers. Its main rival, operates more than 550 warehouses in the US, and about another 90 internationally. Costco now expected to add 17 stores this financial year, which ends on August 31, slightly below the 19-20 stores originally predicted, with one store in California delayed by environmental concerns.
Sherwin-Williams Co. announced that it has hit the big 3,000 - stores, that is. The grand opening of the Cleveland paint company's 3,000th retail store was held in Syosset, N.Y., on April 27, 2005.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. wants to add 50,100 square feet to its existing store, bringing it to about 168,000 square feet. The added space would be for a grocery store and an expanded garden center. It also wants to add two truck bays, bringing the number to four. Wal-Mart's revised plan adds 100 feet to the front of the store. The truck bays still would be in back, but the new design includes masonry walls to shield residents from noise. The company also would build an 8-foot-tall wall between its property and neighboring houses and pledges to maintain the existing natural buffer between the store and homes.
Hooper Holmes Inc. announced that it is expanding the size of its Heritage Labs clean room facility to meet increasing demand for its medical testing kits.
Pfizer Inc. will invest about SEK 1 billion ( $135 million) in a new factory in the Swedish town of Straengnaes. The factory will be completed in 2009 and it will produce the company's growth hormone called Genotropin.
International Business Machines Corp. announced that its worldwide restructuring cost the jobs of 200 workers. About 165 employees in six divisions were notified that they would be laid off. Big Blue also laid off 35 local workers. The 200 given pink slips represent a fraction of the company's 11,000-person work force in the Triangle. But IBM has a history of laying off employees in a series of small cuts. The company announced in May that it would cut 10,000 to 13,000 jobs worldwide. The company announced that up to 35% of the projected layoffs, affecting 3,000 to 4,550 jobs, will occur in the United States and other countries. Most of the cuts will come in Europe.
Bausch & Lomb Inc., aiming to boost research spending by up to 15%, wants to build a new optics center and hire 200 new workers. The eye-care products maker reiterated that it plans to increase research costs by about $20 million to $25 million, to up to $188 million in 2005. That could translate into a new, 73,000-square-foot wing at its optics center and create an extra 200 research jobs, according to a company proposal submitted to the city council. The 151-year-old company employs 12,400 people worldwide. Of its 1,500 employees in Rochester, about 1,200 work are at the optics center and 300 at its headquarters. The company declined to discuss its expansion plan until an official announcement scheduled for June 9. Its proposal did not specify when the new plant would be built.
Ceridian Corp. has expanded its multinational payroll outsourcing solutions to serve workforces in more than 35 countries, with plans to exceed 50 countries by the end of the year. Ceridian Multinational Payroll Solutions enable global employers to contract with a single provider for all of its payroll needs, lessening the need to keep up-to-date with payroll regulations - as well as the cost and responsibility of employing payroll experts - in each country. A multinational payroll outsourcing engagement with Ceridian helps ensure that employers achieve full local compliance so that each country's payroll is completed according to the highest payroll standards and in compliance with local legislation. Ceridian's offerings are well suited to businesses with at least 100 employees operating in a combination of three or more countries.
Cenveo Inc. announced that it plans to cut about 125 jobs as part of restructuring designed to save the company $20 million a year. The company said most of the layoffs will involve management positions as it gives more decision-making authority to local managers.
Parexel International Corp. will relocate or eliminate about 150 jobs. Parexel announced in a statement distributed by PR Newswire that it expects pretax costs of $30 million to $35 million as it cuts jobs and closes or consolidates offices.
With pressure from shareholders waging a proxy fight, Topps Co. is considering the sale of its candy unit. Topps had hired Lehman Brothers earlier this year to evaluate strategic alternatives, including a sale of the confectionery business, which includes Bazooka bubble gum. The sale would not include its collectibles business, which includes baseball cards.
Agilent Technologies Inc. may close or sell part of its semiconductor division in an effort to boost the company's profitability. The unit, Agilent's second-largest behind scientific testing and measurement equipment, is less than half as profitable as the company's businesses to be.
Albemarle Corporation will expand production capacities for its mineral-based flame retardants, MARTINAL(R) fine precipitated aluminum trihydrate (ATH) and MAGNIFIN(R) high-purity magnesium hydroxide. As part of this expansion, Albemarle will transform a former zeolite plant at its Pasadena, Texas site into a production unit for fine precipitated ATH, which the company markets under the trade name MARTINAL. MARTINAL fine precipitated ATH is used as a flame retardant in wire & cable and various other plastics and rubber applications because of its recyclability and smoke-suppressant properties.
Continental Airlines Inc. announced that the first of its Boeing 757-200 aircraft equipped with Aviation Partners Boeing Blended Winglets has entered revenue service. The addition of the winglets, which replace the standard wingtip, enable increased fuel efficiency and range. Continental is the first carrier to add winglets to Boeing 757-200 aircraft.
Marriott international Inc. is planning to add 75,000 to 90,000 hotel rooms worldwide between 2006 and 2008, with 25 % of the expansion outside of the United States. The company also said it sees tremendous growth opportunities in Europe and Asia, hoping to raise its European presence by 15 % by the end of 2008 and have 75 hotels in China within 10 years.
Phelps Dodge Corp. announced that it plans to construct a commercial-scale copper concentrate leaching and direct electrowinning facility at its copper mine in Morenci. Phelps Dodge said the plant will employ technology developed by the company and under demonstration at its copper mine in Bagdad, Ariz., to process mixed primary and secondary copper ores. The company anticipates that an estimated 500 construction jobs and 230 permanent jobs will be created by the project. It is being built in conjunction with the restart of an idled concentrator at Morenci. The company's board has approved $210 million in expenditures for these projects, which are expected to begin operating in 2007.
Ralcorp Holdings Inc. announced that it plans to close its Carriage House Cos. plant in City of Industry, Calif. The closing will eliminate 65 jobs, and Ralcorp estimated its costs related to the closure will be about $2 million before taxes.
FuelCell Energy Inc. announced it has successfully incorporated design changes to the 250-kilowatt (kW) Direct FuelCell(R) (DFC(R)) power plant resulting in a 25% cost reduction as previously announced. Additional improvements in the DFC300MA power plant include modifying certain subsystems, so parts and materials may be sourced from multiple vendors, and automating the fuel cell conditioning process resulting in higher product quality. The design enhancements to the Company's sub-megawatt DFC power plant will extend to the megawatt (MW) plant design as well. After final verification, the DFC300MA power plant will begin shipping in the fourth calendar quarter of 2005.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. to open the first international hotel in Aleppo in Syria in 2005. The company continues to expand its presence in the region and opens the Sheraton Aleppo Hotel & Towers in Syria in the fourth quarter of 2005. The Sheraton Aleppo Hotel & Towers will be the first internationally managed hotel in Aleppo, and will offer 218 rooms and suites; three restaurants, a pub and a lounge bar. Its recreational facilities include a swimming pool, a health club and a Turkish Bath. In addition to a business center, a large shopping arcade and ample space for parking.
Wynn Resorts Ltd. announced earnings results for the 34 days from April 28, 2005. For the period the company reported gambling revenues of $64.3 million and the average daily room rate of $308, with occupancy averaging 91% against 98% estimate.The company announced that, it is building Encore, a $1.4 billion hotel-casino next to Wynn Las Vegas that is scheduled to open in 2008 and also erecting a $700 million casino in Macau and is bidding on one in Singapore.
The number of jobs cut at Boeing Wichita will rise to more than 1,000 over the weekend and may go higher as Onex Corp. presses ahead with plans to buy the plant by June 16. Onex will send certified letters to all 7,600 workers at the commercial jet operation and some of the 1,700 workers at the plant's Shared Services Group.
Sears Holdings Corp. announced that it expects to spend about $60 million on the relocation and layoff of employees of Kmart Holding Corp., which completed a takeover of Sears earlier this year. About $30 million of the total will be spent on relocation costs and the other half on termination benefits. The final charge depends on the number of employees who accept offers to relocate from Kmart's former headquarters in Troy, Mich., to Hoffman Estates, where the company is now based.
Oceaneering International Inc. announced that it is adding 12 work class vehicles to expand its worldwide market leadership position in providing remotely operated vehicle (ROV) services to the oil and gas industry. At the end of the first quarter of this year Oceaneering's work class ROV fleet size was 167 vehicles. The vehicles are of the Hydra(R) MAGNUM, MILLENNIUM, and MAXXIMUM designs, have 10,000 feet water depth ratings and are being equipped with 100 to 300 horsepower packages.
Nabi Biopharmaceuticals announced that it has opened its $20 million state-of-the art vaccine-production facility, from where the company expects to begin supplying StaphVAX - the first agent aimed at preventing deadly infections from the highly antibiotic-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteria. Long-considered an unattainable goal, a vaccine for S. aureus could radically change the healthcare picture - saving lives and saving money. A major consideration with S. aureus is it is ubiquitous, highly infectious, viciously toxic and almost invulnerable to the human arsenal of anti-bacterial agents.
Motorola Inc. announced laying off up to 250 workers in its automotive business, a reaction to the big slump facing domestic automakers. Less than 5%--about 250--of those 5,000 workers in North America and Europe will be laid off.
Motorola Inc. has opened 10 shop-in-shops at Carphone Warehouse stores, following the success of a similar arrangement between the retailer and Nokia. The Motorola-branded areas are manned by staff specially trained in the manufacturer's products. The aim is to showcase Motorola's range by giving customers a hands-on experience of products and one-to-one service from knowledgeable staff.
According to sources, Occidental Petroleum Corp.'s recent oil exploration contracts and financial performance may make it a takeover target for larger oil companies. Occidental in January won rights to explore 9 of 15 oil sites in Libya, one of a number of contracts the company recently secured. Sources add that these contracts, along with Occidental's asset management, cost controls, acquisitions, and record-high oil prices, make the company an attractive takeover target for larger firms such as Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., which is believed to be seeking acquisitions.
Cree Inc. will close an unprofitable silicon RF and microwave semiconductor plant in California to focus on silicon carbide and gallium nitride RF and microwave products. A subsidiary, Cree Microwave Inc., runs the Sunnyvale plant, which makes silicon microwave chips using laterally diffused metal oxide semiconductor(LDMOS) technology. Cree Microwave will accept last-time-buy orders for silicon LDMOS products through this month and close the facility in December. Cree reportedly plans to lay off 80 employees in Sunnyvale.
Tandy Leather Factory Inc. announced that it is opening retail stores in San Mateo and Amarillo. Both will operate as Tandy Leather stores. The San Mateo store opened last week and the Amarillo store is expected to open this week. These are the third and fourth retail stores opened in 2005 and will bring the total number of Tandy Leather retail stores to 46.
Mercury Interactive Corp. is considering opening a development center in the Omer industrial park near Beersheva. Mercury said that the center depended on recruitment of 60 employees, consisting mostly of software and hardware engineers. Mercury has experienced difficulty in recruiting engineers. The company has over 2,700 employees, including 670 in Israel.
Pepsico Inc. has signed an agreement to launch a carbonic drinks production base in Changsha, central China's Hunan Province. The project is planned to involve a total investment of $10 million.
Switch and Data announced that Kanoodle has signed an agreement to expand in Switch and Data's colocation and interconnection site in Buffalo, New York. As part of its ongoing expansion in key markets, Switch and Data recently doubled its data center space while adding three times the power and cooling in the Buffalo site.
ConAgra Foods Inc. announced that it has or will cut about 1,000 salaried workers and reduce other expenses to improve profits, which are lagging mostly because of weak meat prices and earnings.
Engelhard Corp. announced that some 116 people will lose their jobs with the shuttering of its metal-fabrication plant in Carteret. Most of the plant's 86 workers represented by the United Auto Works and 30 non-union workers, will be laid off. About 20 employees will continue to work in a lab at the site that will not close.
Wal-Mart currently has more than 800 Murphy gas stations in the parking lots of its stores, and the oil company expects to open 100 more this year. The stations account for more than one-third of Murphy's revenue.
Procter & Gamble Co. will shut down its online customized cosmetics business at the end of the month. The company started its online cosmetics experiment, Reflect.com, in 1999. Reflect.com, based in San Francisco, will take orders until June 13, 2005 and ship all products by June 17, 2005.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. plans to launch 500 hotels in the next decade under a new stylish yet affordable brand. Dubbed Project XYZ, the brand is an extension of W Hotels, Starwood's lifestyle chain launched in 1998.
Blockbuster Inc. has added a new distribution center in the Bellevue area to handle its increased online service. The 5,000- to 10,000-square-foot site, which opened in mid-May 2005, is meant to speed delivery.
American Ecology Corp. announced that Honeywell International Inc. has awarded the Company a contract to transport, treat, and dispose of contaminated soils from a site in Jersey City, New Jersey. Initial engineering studies estimate that approximately 1 million tons of chromite ore processing residues will require offsite treatment and disposal. Under the terms of the contract, American Ecology will treat and dispose of the contaminated soil at Company owned hazardous waste disposal facilities. The award specifies that American Ecology will receive substantially all of the waste shipped offsite from the cleanup site over the next four to five years, subject to applicable contract conditions.The Company plans to expand its facilities and increase rail transport capabilities at an estimated cost of up to $12 million.
The A&P supermarket chain plans to close its Edison warehouse next month, cutting 230 union jobs. The Record has obtained a copy of a letter that a senior A&P executive wrote to the New Jersey Department of Labor outlining plans to permanently close the facility.
Boeing Co. announced that Michelin will be the second source for aftermarket nose and main tires for the all-new Boeing 787 Dreamliner passenger airplane.
Sears Holdings Corp.'s Kmart chain will close more than a fifth of its in-store restaurant areas, citing a lack of profits. Kmart will close 188 of the chain's 823 restaurants. Kmart will continue to operate in-store restaurants at the other locations, many of which are called K Cafe.
Sara Lee Corp. announced that it plans to close more U.S. bakeries as it sheds slow-selling brands to reduce costs. The company plans to spend $1 billion (U.S.) to close factories, eliminate jobs and upgrade computer systems in the biggest restructuring in Sara Lee's 66-year history.
Eastman Kodak Co. has announced that 180 jobs will be axed from its Wealdstone site. The beleagured firm based in Headstone Drive will lay off 130 graphics film finishing workers and around 50 site service and technical staff. News of the cuts will devastate local employees and their families still reeling from the 250 redundancies announced last October. The losses mean the company's graphics sensitising department will close completely.
Ford Motor Co. will lay off about 200 workers at its Van Dyke transmission plant in Sterling Heights because of dwindling production of gear boxes for the Ford Taurus and Mercury Sable midsize cars and the Ford Freestar minivan.
Hewlett-Packard Co. spent about $236 million on employee severance payments and other work force rebalancing programs between November and April. Charges would allow it to slash its worldwide work force by approximately 3,000 employees, including 1,600 people who were laid off before April 30. The rest are expected to be terminated by October.
General Motors Corporation announced that it will build a new rollover testing facility at its Milford proving ground in Michigan for the development of rollover-sensing systems for airbags and occupant-protection systems. The $10 million facility will open in late 2006 and will initally conduct 120 to 150 tests a year with the capacity for more. It will invest $3 million in its crash-test dummies and $8 million in data recording equipment. It said it will spend $6 million for a computer-controlled and hydraulically powered acceleration sled and $6 million on digital high-speed cameras.
Bausch & Lomb Inc. announced that it will nearly double the eyecare company's main research and development center in Rochester, N.Y., in a $35 million expansion project as it adds up to 200 research jobs over the next two years. The city council will vote June 14 on legislation that would allow Bausch & Lomb to apply for various tax incentives. Upon passage of the legislation, groundbreaking on the project is slated for July. The construction is scheduled to be complete in early 2007.
Aeroflex Inc. announced that it plans to further reduce its workforce during the fourth quarter ending June 30, 2005 a move that would save it about $3.2 million a year. The defense and broadband microelectronics maker didn't specify the size of the reduction.
A&P Tea Co. has revealed plans to shut down its Edison, N.J. warehouse next month, apparently as part of its plan to aggressively pare its operations.
General Motors Corp. will invest $33 million to build a new rollover testing center to help bring new safety technologies to market sooner. The facility will be an add-on to GM's Milford Proving Ground in western Oakland County. Along with a $10 million, 40,000 square-feet building, GM will invest in new crash-test dummies, computer equipment, test sleds and high-speed cameras. As many as 16 salaried engineers and technicians will be added. GM expects to conduct between 100 and 150 rollover crash tests a year in the new facility.
Diebold Inc. announced it will realign manufacturing operations in North America and close its plant in Danville, Va. Production at the Danville plant will be phased out by the end of the third quarter in 2005. The closure is part of the company's ongoing plan to maximize utilization of its facilities and become more cost competitive.
Smithfield Foods Inc. will close its Gering, Neb., packing plant and cut 205 jobs, citing a shortage of slaughter- ready cattle. The plant is expected to close in August part of Smithfield's beef unit. The facility processes 320 head of cattle a day.
Dean Foods Company has announced that the spin-off of its majority-owned subsidiary TreeHouse Foods, Inc. is expected to close June 27, 2005. Immediately prior to the spin-off, Dean Foods will transfer to TreeHouse the business currently conducted by its Specialty Foods Group segment in addition to its Mocha Mix(R), Second Nature(R) and foodservice salad dressings businesses. Under the terms of the transaction, Dean Foods will distribute all of the shares of TreeHouse common stock held by Dean Foods to its stockholders by means of a share dividend. These shares represent approximately 98.3% of TreeHouse's outstanding common stock. The remaining approximately 1.7% of TreeHouse common stock is held by the TreeHouse senior management team headed by Sam K. Reed, former Chief Executive Officer of Keebler Foods Company, who will serve as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the new company.
Nu Skin Enterprise Inc. announced that it plans to invest $20 million to build a health-care product plant in Shanghai ahead of the expected lifting of a ban on door-to-door sales in China by the end of 2005. It also plans to increase the number of retail stores to 200 from 140 by the end of 2005.
Boeing Co. announced that it will lay off 88 workers a result of Air Force budget cuts. It employs 1,600 people there repairing and upgrading military tanker and cargo aircraft. In addition, the company this summer will let expire the employment agreements of 87 contract workers here. In doing so, it was able to save 90 full-time jobs that it otherwise would have to eliminate because of the budget cuts.
According to sources, PriceSmart could be up for sale. Sources add that PriceSmart shareholders believe that Costco and Wal-Mart would be logical fits for the company.
EI DuPont de Nemours & Co. announced it has signed an agreement with the Republic of Korea to build a $12 million nonwovens market development manufacturing facility in the province of Gyeong-gi, near Seoul. This market development facility will allow us to develop new selective barrier technologies and drive new applications globally. In addition, this initiative furthers DuPont's objectives to more clearly address the market needs of the Asia Pacific region. DuPont worked with South Korea's Minister of Commerce, Industry and Energy Dr. Hee-Beom Lee and several Korean organisations, including the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency, in securing the agreement.
NAVTEQ Corp. announced that it will begin offering its NAVTEQ Traffic(TM) solution in Orlando and Tampa, Florida in June 2005. NAVTEQ Traffic is currently available in 20 markets throughout the United States. The launch of these two new markets is the first milestone in an ongoing initiative to offer NAVTEQ Traffic in additional high volume traffic markets throughout the United States. NAVTEQ Traffic enables navigation systems to provide personalized, real- time traffic information for a driver's chosen route. NAVTEQ Traffic is a unique data gathering, aggregation and quality-tested solution that links up- to-the minute traffic information to map data and enables wireless transmission directly to a vehicle's on-board navigation system. NAVTEQ Traffic combines data from multiple sources across the country, including the leading commercial traffic data providers, government departments of transportation, police and emergency services, road sensors, cameras and airborne reports.
Ford Motor Company announced that The Hertz Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary, filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering (IPO) of a portion of the economic interest in Hertz. Following an IPO by Hertz, Ford intends to divest its remaining ownership interest in Hertz. J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co. are serving as joint book-running managers for the IPO.
Financial reports filed by Tenet Healthcare Corp. with the state of Florida on May 31 show that the 15 company hospitals in Florida suffered a combined pre tax loss of $378 million in 2004. For calendar 2004, Tenet's 15 Florida facilities had a combined negative EBITDA of $15.3 million. For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2003, the same 15 hospitals had a positive EBITDA of $269.4 million. Nine of the company's 15 hospitals had a negative EBITDA; only 6 of them had positive EBITDA last year. The Tenet Shareholder Committee has urged the company to sell off the worst performing hospitals, especially those which are now irreparably damaged under Tenet's aegis and control.
Continental Airlines Inc. announced that its plans to double the number of first-class seats on its Boeing 757-300 aircraft to meet rising demand. Continental will have 24 first-class seats in the 757s starting by about the third quarter. Nine of Continental's 349 planes are 757-300s. The company plans to lease eight more. Expanding the first-class section will reduce the number of lower-fare coach seats to 192 from 210, the statement.
Home Depot will shut down two of its high-end design stores, in Concord and East Palo Alto, and replace them with two more Home Depots. Expo Design Center, which caters to a wealthier customer base than Home Depot, sells high-end fixtures to people mainly looking to remodel their kitchens and bathrooms. In its first-quarter earnings report, Home Depot, based in Atlanta, stated that it would close 15 of its Expo Design centers and convert five others, including the ones in East Palo Alto and Concord, into Home Depots.
Mylan Laboratories Inc. announced a $1.25 billion share buyback, comprised of a modified Dutch Auction self- tender for up to approximately 48.8 million shares (up to $1 billion) and a $250 million follow-on share repurchase program in the open market or otherwise. These share repurchases will represent, upon completion, nearly 25% of the Company's outstanding shares. In the tender offer, shareholders will have the opportunity to tender some or all of their shares at a price not less than $18.00 per share or more than $20.50 per share. The company also announced that it will double its annual dividend from $0.12 per share to $0.24 per share. This dividend increase is effective with the dividend to be paid for the first quarter of fiscal 2006. The increased quarterly dividend of $0.06 per share will be payable on July 15, 2005 to Mylan shareholders of record at the close of business on June 30, 2005.The company also provided financial guidance for fiscal 2006 and fiscal 2007. For fiscal 2006, the Company is forecasting adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $0.92 to $1.15 per share, and net revenues in the range of $1,135 million to $1,340 million. For fiscal 2007, the company is projecting adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $1.20 to $1.74 per share and net revenues in the range of $1,250 million to $1,600 million. Mylan also announced that it will be closing its Mylan Bertek subsidiary, and will transfer responsibility for selling Mylan Bertek's products to its Mylan Pharmaceuticals and UDL subsidiaries.
TETRA Technologies Inc. announced the expansion of its liquid calcium chloride production capacity in Southern California. The investment of approximately $1 million will be spread between the Amboy and Cadiz calcium chloride production plant sites. This investment increases the plants' combined capacity by 100,000 tons to 200,000 liquid tons per year. The additional calcium chloride production will be used to supply the Western United States markets including a recent expansion into the Pacific Northwest market. Added capacity will also be used to augment supply from TETRA's existing Gulf Coast plants. The new production is expected to start coming on stream by the end of the third quarter in 2005.
Equinix Inc. revised sales guidance for the full year of 2005. The company now expects year-end revenue of $215 million to $219 million, above its earlier forecast of $209 million to $215 million. For the second quarter, the company predicted that sales will hit the high end of its earlier outlook for $51.5 million to $52.5 million.The company plans to spend about $15 million to upgrade the facility then open it for customers in mid-2006. Equinix between $4 million and $7 million of the expenses will be incurred in 2005.
Standard Management Corp. will open its first patient focused pharmacy associated with the Care Group the only free standing heart hospital in the state. The new pharmacy is the long time vision of the president of the health services division, Martial Knieser, M.D. It is designed to reach out to patients and bring a better understanding of their pharmaceutical treatment following a hospital experience.
Starbucks will close up to 17 Torrefazione Italia locations. Starbucks purchased TI along with Seattle's Best Coffee from AFC Enterprises in 2003.
General Cable Corp. announced that it is shuttering two of its manufacturing plants in a move that will cost about $30 million. The company said the closing of its Bonham, Texas plant _ which currently employs 170 people _ comes as a result of significant reduction in demand for copper telephone exchange cable. In addition, General Cable announced it will close its fiber-optic military and premise cable manufacturing plant in Dayville, Conn. and relocate it to Massachusetts. The Dayville plant employs 30 workers.
Eastman Kodak Co. announcedv that it will discontinue production of black-and-white photographic paper by the end of the year as continues its transition to digital photography. Demand for black-and-white paper is declining 25% annually as the imaging industry transitions from film to digital.
Sweet Home Chicago becomes even sweeter with the grand opening of Hershey Co.'s Chicago at 822 N. Michigan Avenue on the city's Magnificent Mile(R). Hershey's Chicago is a 3,600 square-foot interactive retail experience that combines elements of Hershey's Times Square (which opened in 2002), and Hershey's Chocolate World attraction (located in Hershey, Pa.), with a unique atmosphere that embraces Chicago with a special Hershey's touch.
Hewlett-Packard Co. announced a cost-cutting plan that could eliminate as many as 15,000 jobs, or 10% of its workforce, within weeks. It would be one of the first significant moves by Mark Hurd since his appointment as chief executive on April 1. For two months he has been studying the challenges facing the computer and printer maker, and devising a plan to wring growth from the group's diverse collection of businesses.
Brunswick Corp. is continuing the layoff of 60 workers, about 15% of the plant's employees. The temporary layoffs started May 20. The company announced that the layoffs were necessary because Crestliner inventories were higher than Brunswick wanted. Brunswick recently laid off 145 workers at the Lund Boats factory in New York Mills, citing excessive inventories and slow sales attributed to rainy weather.
General Electric Co.'s 48-year-old production facility will close June 2006 because it no longer plans to produce the two models of clothes washer and dryer motors manufactured there. Most of the 63 remaining employees have been at the plant for more than three decades, making it through a series of layoffs that cut employees from 1,200 in 1975 to 63 almost 30 years later.
BellSouth Corp. announced that, it will eliminate 218 jobs in nine states in the third quarter. Of those, 47 are in Georgia, including 36 in metro Atlanta. The workers affected in the latest cutbacks are members of the Communications Workers of America. Union officials were notified Wednesday, as required by the five-year labor contract that was ratified last September.
OfficeMax Inc. is boosting its service to local businesses and consumers by relocating its Bakersfield, California superstore to the Home Depot Center from 2693 Mt. Vernon Avenue. The 20,000 square-foot OfficeMax store, located at 2635 Mount Vernon Avenue in the Home Depot Center, provides a one-stop shop for all office- related needs. The store will employ approximately 35 full- and part-time associates.
Aeroflex Inc. will cut additional jobs in the fourth quarter ending June 30 and will take a charge of about $1.6 million, or a penny per diluted shares. The company expects to achieve annual savings, consisting primarily of salary and benefits, of approximately $3.2 million. The company said that about 30 jobs would be cut worldwide, including one on Long Island.
BellSouth Corp. plans to hire nearly 1,500 more workers as it expands its U.S. broadband network in its region of nine southeastern states. The new jobs, mainly for technicians and engineers, account for an increase of more than 7% from BellSouth's 20,000 employees, as the company upgrades its phone network to allow users to access the Internet at higher speeds. The company wants to double the speed of its fastest broadband service to 6 megabits a second in the fourth quarter, and broaden its network, which now reaches 84% of households in its region.
Diebold Inc. announced that it is closing a plant in Danville, VA, to realign its U.S. manufacturing operations and to become more cost competitive across the entire company. The company said that the decision to close the factory partially has to do with the company's new line of ATMs that require less manufacturing capacity. Production will be phased out by the end of the third quarter and will affect 110 employees. The company said that some of the plant's manufacturing will be handled at other Diebold factories, or the work will be outsourced.
MGM Mirage announced that it will build and manage a $170 million video lottery terminal parlor at Aqueduct racetrack in Queens, reviving a development it scrapped two years ago. The facility will have 4,500 terminals, which are similar to slot machines. The company will operate the machines under an agreement with the New York Racing Association.
A new, 203,000-square-foot super Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is being built on Melody Mountain should be finished by July 11 and open to the public about six weeks later. Meanwhile, construction started several weeks ago on the Outback Steakhouse and O'Charley's Restaurant and could be finished in about 100 days. The $35 million Melody Mountain project has been under construction since last year. The Wal-Mart being built on the hill overlooking the Ashland Town Center Mall is the largest prototype the giant merchandiser currently is developing.
About 50 Agilent Technologies Inc. employees, mostly in Loveland, are expected to lose their jobs over the next year. The cuts in workers for the automated test group are a result of softness in the semiconductor market.
Tower Automotive plans to lay off 30% of the work force at its Kendallville plant because of reduced orders for some of the metal vehicle components it stamps. The plant employs 290, and the Novi, Mich.-based auto supplier has issued a notice that it will reduce the work force by 85 positions.
General Motors corporation announced plans to cut 25,000 jobs after losing more than $1.4 billion in the first quarter of this year. The latest news follows GM closing plants in Baltimore and New Jersey, having its unsecured debt rated as junk and watching its share price fall to a decade-low before recovering some losses.
Yellow Roadway Corp. announced that it would close down USF Dugan, one of its regional operating companies, and spread Dugan's business among other regional companies to improve efficiency in its local transport segment. Yellow announced that USF Dugan will cease operations on July 8.
Wyeth plans to cut as many as 30% of its full-time sales force and restructure the operation by year-end. About 750 people could lose their jobs or be shifted to part-time work.
Chevron Corp. announced a significant natural gas discovery at the offshore Macuira 1X exploration well, advancing the company's plans to evaluate Venezuela's first liquefied natural gas (LNG) project. The Macuira 1X well encountered six gas intervals with total gross thickness of 456 feet (140 meters). The well tested at a rate of 51 million standard cubic feet per day of natural gas from two of the six intervals. Both tests were equipment-restricted. Macuira 1X is Chevron's first well in Block 3, one of five offshore blocks in Plataforma Deltana, northeast of Venezuela. It is located relatively close to, and on trend with, the Loran gas field in Block 2, where the company drilled successful exploration wells in 2004. The Macuira 1X exploration well was drilled in 382 feet (116 meters) of water, approximately 15 miles (24 kilometers) southeast of the Block 2 field and approximately 75 miles (121 kilometers) offshore.
Ford Motor Co. revised its earnings outlook for the full year 2005. Ford now expects to earn $1 to $1.25 per share, 25 cents lower than its previous forecast issued in April. Ford announced that it was taking new steps to reduce salaried-related costs this year. The company will cut salaried positions at its North American operations by 5% and reduce the use of agency and purchased services by 10%. The new cuts come a top 1,000 salaried job cuts announced in April.
HJ Heinz Co. announced that it may cut up to 400 jobs in the U.K. once it completes the £470 million purchase of the HP, Lea & Perrins and Amoy sauces brands from Group Danone (dn).
JLG Industries Inc. announced an expanded focus on commercial and industrial market channels for access products, such as vertical mast lifts and trailers, through the formation of the JLG Commercial Solutions Group. Philip H. Rehbein, a Senior Vice President with the Company, will assume responsibility for the Commercial Solutions Group, continuing to report to Bill Lasky, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. John Louderback has been named Vice President of Six Sigma, Quality Processes and Training, reporting to Bill Lasky, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Maytag Corp. announced that it will open the doors of its 50th Maytag Store in July in the Denver, CO, U.S. area. The appliance company opened its first store in 1998 to encourage customers to test appliances before they buy. Since then, the company has opened locations in 20 states across the U.S.
EDS announced that the anticipation of R $2 million in investments scheduled for the new software factory at Araraquara. Another 200 workers will be employed in five months. Founded in March, the unit is intended to serve TAM Linhas Aereas, which subcontracted out the maintenance of its systems and plans to produce software for the issue and distribution of commercial airline fares via the internet, created by the airline and Sabre. The initial plan was to invest R $5 million and to reach 500 employees within two years of operation. With the new capital injection, the unit should reach 700 employees by the end of 2006.
Sears Holding Corp.'s Kmart chain will close more than a fifth of its in-store restaurant areas, citing a lack of profits. Kmart will close 188 of its 823 restaurants, including three in Northland Kmarts and one in a Liberty Kmart. The spaces may be used for general merchandise, according to Steven Pagnani, spokesman for Kmart. Kmart will continue to operate in-store restaurants at other locations, many of which are called K Cafe. Kmart doesn't sublet space to other restaurants as some of its competitors do.
Marriott International Inc. announced that it will manage a new luxurious 274-room JW Marriott hotel in Algiers under a management agreement reached with Societe de Development Hotelier. When opened in 2007, the JW Marriott Hotel Algiers will be Marriott International’s first property in Algeria. The beachfront hotel will be located 20 kilometers west of Algiers in a community called Clubs des Pins, which is about a 40-minute drive from the Algiers International Airport. The site will also include 5,000 square meters of office space.
The Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. announced that it has laid off more than 15% of its managers. This will result in a cash restructuring charge of approximately $5 million and will generate annualized savings of about $7.5 million.
Applera Corp. Applied Biosystems Group announced that it will cut about 250 jobs and record a substantial fourth-quarter charge as it restructures its operations. The layoffs and associated facility closures will cost between $20 million and $22 million in the April-June quarter, before taxes. The job cuts will primarily be in research and development, marketing and operations.
Monsanto Co. announced that it plans to build a $21 million, 40,000 square-foot data center on its campus in Creve Coeur, Mo. Construction is expected to start in early 2006 and be operational as early as summer of 2007.
Chevron Corp. announced that a $150 million investment in the company's Pascagoula Refinery that will boost gasoline production by 500,000 gallons per day. Construction on the refinery's fluid catalytic cracking unit is expected to start next month and be completed by late next year. Subcontractors will hire more than 1,000 workers, including electricians, welders and pipe fitters. The investment is not expected to increase Chevron's work force, but it will make the refinery's operations more competitive.
Build-A-Bear Workshop® Where Best Friends Are Made® announced that it is opening its 200th store at Mall of America® in Bloomington, Minnesota on July 15. In addition, friends 2b made®, the newest concept from Build-A-Bear Workshop based on the doll-making experience will also open a store at Mall of America right next door. This will be the fourth friends 2b made store in the country and the second store in the Midwest.
AT&T Corp. announced it is further expanding its portfolio of global networking services for business customers and extending them into additional locations in Europe, Asia and Latin America. AT&T announced global enhancements to its portfolio of IP VPN-based services, hosting, managed services and security offers, including AT&T Internet Protect(SM) and said that by year-end, it will expand the reach and in-country coverage of its global portfolio in the critical high-growth regions. AT&T also is increasing the breadth of supported access technologies, which have been integrated to provide a consistent end-to-end experience for global business customers.
Dominos Pizza Inc. has opened a new branch in Shmeisani that links Domino's Pizza to reach all of the residents in West Amman. The extension is due to Domino's success of its first and second branches in Madina Al Munawara Street and the Seventh Circle area.
The Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. announced that it is cutting 20% of its senior management and offering early retirement to up to 150 employees. In all, 45 people lost their jobs at the Marysville headquarters and manufacturing plant. Of those, 30 were senior-level managers, from director to executive vice president. The remaining 15 were fired over performance issues. They worked at various levels of the Marysville operations. Before the cuts, Scotts had about 1,200 employees in Marysville and 7,000 worldwide, including seasonal help. In addition, 150 people - mostly in Marysville - have been offered early-retirement packages.
Movie Gallery Inc. announced that it would close 51 video game stores and that a slump in the movie business might hurt film rentals. The Company also named Timothy Price as chief financial officer. He came from Hollywood Entertainment Inc., which Movie Gallery bought in April, 2005.
True Religion Apparel Inc. announced that the Company has shut down a clothing retailer in the Northeast for selling counterfeit True Religion Brand Jeans.
Yahoo! Inc. has shut down customer-created chat rooms because of outrage some were used to lure minors into sex acts. Chat rooms created by Yahoo! were not affected.
PMC-Sierra Inc. increased the number of jobs it expects to eliminate as part of a restructuring by 63 to 89. As a result, the communications semiconductor maker raised the expected cost of the restructuring by $5.9 million to $7.4 million.
General Electric Co. plans to use a partnership to build a $270 million water desalination plant in Algeria. The plant will be built in Algiers and will provide drinking water to some 25% of the residents of the city.
Alcoa Inc. announced that it will cut another 6,500 employees from its global payroll over the next year, adding to the 1,800 jobs it axed in the first quarter. The move is part of a previously announced year-long restructuring program by the company aimed at trimming costs and bringing the company's operations in line with weaker market demand, especially from the North American auto sector.
Lockheed Martin Corp. opened a new facility for the precision alignment of high- technology radar, such as the Volume Surveillance Radar under development for the U.S. Navy's DD(X) next-generation destroyer. The 11,300-square-foot facility is the latest advancement in Lockheed Martin's solid state antenna technology development. Previous steps included an increased capability to build Transmit/Receive Modules, which are the heart of the phased array antennas, and a prototype antenna that first successfully tracked live targets in late 2003. This new Solid State Radar Near Field Test Facility is a contained structure with various testing instruments. When a radar antenna is installed in the facility, it can be operated at various power levels to test and adjust the alignment of both transmit and receive elements. After testing of the S- band Volume Surveillance Radar antenna is completed, the unit will be shipped to support DD(X) Dual Band Radar testing.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. to open a super center in the southern Fox Valley region. The company plans to build a 200,000-square-foot Super Center near the southeast corner of U.S. Highway 30 and Orchard Road in Montgomery. The store would be less than 5 miles from a Super Wal-Mart set for construction in Oswego. There are also existing Wal-Mart stores 2 miles away on Aurora's west side and a Super Center in Plano.
Starbucks Coffee Co. is scheduled to open three new Omaha stores including its first downtown location over the next few months. The company also will open a 1,900-square- foot store at 120th and Blondo Streets and a 1,700-square- foot store at 147th Street and West Maple Road. They will open in late summer and early fall.
Northrop Grumman Corp. will open a state-of-the-art environmental-integration facility in Omaha, Neb. next month that will provide an environment to test and integrate systems that provide decision-makers the information essential to plan and execute missions. The facility will allow Northrop Grumman to demonstrate how weather systems for military customers can be integrated into command-and-control systems. The environmental-integration facility (EIF) will use the latest software tools to integrate weather updates and forecasts into command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance systems to provide decision-makers with the necessary environmental information to plan and execute a mission.
Best Buy declared a three-for-two stock split for Aug. 3 payable to shareholders of record on July 13. The retailer also boosted its quarterly dividend to 12 cents a share from 11 cents on a pre-split basis. Post-split, the payout will be 8 cents a share.The company also planning to open a store in Eden Prairie this November geared toward busy moms, responding to one of the demographic customer profiles it's developed as part of a new marketing strategy.
Cabela's Inc. will open its giant outdoors store in Buda. These so-called public facilities include the 30-foot artificial mountain, with stuffed mountain goats and other animals, the 60,000-gallon, fresh-water aquarium, a diorama of life-size African game animals and the conference rooms and restrooms.
Honeywell International Inc. announced that it is expanding its presence in North Africa with the opening of a new office in Algiers. The new office reinforces Honeywell's long term commitment to help drive oil production within one of world's most important oil and gas producing regions.The company has appointed Abdelilah Amalou as country business leader and sales manager for its Algerian operations.
Intel and Dalian, a port city in northeast China's Liaoning Province, have joined hands in building the Intel Innovation Lab in the Dalian Software Park. All the lab's R&D projects and products will be undertaken based on the global market demand. The innovation lab will develop hardware and tools, and provide training service.
KEMET Corporation announced a reduction in force that will impact approximately 150 jobs worldwide, the majority of which are in the United States. The restructuring will result in annual savings of approximately $8 million.
PRA International announced the formation of a new business unit specifically designed to provide early-phase clinical development services. The new Early Development Services unit will combine the capabilities of PRA's Clinical Pharmacology Center with the Pharmacokinetics/ Pharmacodynamics Department. Additional scientists will be recruited to supplement the team already working in this new operation who will focus on the design, management, analysis, and reporting of early phase clinical trials with pharmacology components.
Hain Celestial Group Inc said it will drop some slow- selling lines and has agreed to sell its Kineret and Kosherific brands. It also acquired a poultry producer. Costs to discontinue products including its Carb Fit line will be as much a $11 million in the fourth quarter ending June 30, Melville. Terms of the Kineret and Kosherific transaction were not disclosed. Sales of the two lines are expected June 30. The company is completing a plan to cut 500 items with $15 million in annual sales and expects $2 million a year in savings as a result. Hain may also sell other brands including its Estee and Featherweight weight-management products.
Vonage announced local availability of its service in Springfield, Champaign, Decatur and Quincy, Illinois. High-speed Internet subscribers residing and working in the hometown of Abraham Lincoln can now take advantage of Vonage's broadband phone service offering free unlimited local and long distance calling. Each plan includes the most popular features like call waiting, call forwarding and voicemail for one low, flat monthly rate. Vonage customers in Illinois' capital city can now keep their current numbers or choose telephone numbers within the popular (217) area code.
Cray Inc. is laying off about 90 employees -- or 10% of its worldwide work force -- in an effort to cut costs and make a profit. The company also announced that it was forcing its U.S. employees who make more than $50,000 a year to take a temporary pay cut from July 1 to the end of the year. The pay cut is voluntary for international employees. Finally, Cray said it plans to cut its travel spending and reduce some other benefits. The layoffs, expected to save $5.5 million a year, would take place mainly in the operations, sales and marketing divisions.
Ciena Corp. announced new subsidiary, Ciena Government Solutions, dedicated resources and networking expertise to address the evolving communications requirements of government marketplace. CIEN names Rob Rice as VP and Managing Director of the new subsidiary. Rice was 3COM's (COMS) VP of Federal Sales.
Libbey Inc. provided earnings guidance for the second quarter ending June 30, 2005, to be between $0.05 and $0.10 on sales of between $140 and $144 million, as compared with $135.8 million in the prior year second quarter. Libbey also announced that it has implemented plans to reduce its North American salaried workforce by approximately 7% by June 30, 2005.
Unify Corp. announced the establishment the Insurance Risk Management Division with the completed integration of Acuitrek Inc. Unify acquired Acuitrek on Feb. 3, 2005 as part of the emerging strategy to access specialty vertical markets with its business process automation solutions. The Insurance Risk Management Division combines the two company's technology competencies, market expertise, and visions into a consolidated unit focused on delivering solutions that address the entire policy administration life cycle. The division's market-leading application, NavRisk, provides an end-to-end policy administration and underwriting solution for alternative and public entity risk management organizations.Leading the 15-person division is Dan Romine, vice president and general manager, and founder of Acuitrek. Leveraging more than 15 years of insurance and risk pool expertise, Romine is responsible for determining the division's strategic direction and executing on initiatives to achieve division and company goals. Also serving on the division's executive team is Dave Glende, vice president of products and chief technology officer, responsible for product strategy, development and implementation; Kevin Romer, director of sales; and Sandy Manildi, director of implementation services.
ON Semiconductor Corp. announced its plan to transfer wafer-fab operations from its Site 2 facility in Seremban, Malaysia, to its facility in Phoenix by the end of 2006 and also announced a reduction in force. The discontinuation of wafer-fab operations in the 20,000 square feet of manufacturing space in the Site 2 facility eliminates approximately 80 jobs and is expected to result in a cash restructuring charge of approximately $1.2 million in the second quarter of 2005 for employee severance payments to be paid over the next 18 months. The company has realigned its resources throughout the organization, and as a result, is eliminating approximately 70 additional jobs.
Eastman KodakCo. announced its decision to close down its photographic plant in Chalon-sur-Saone, eastern france, within three to eight years. An initial 380 jobs will be cut from the 1,700-strong workforce by April 2006. Chalon-sur-Saone is the birthplace of Nicephore Niepce, universally credited as the inventor of photography. The closure is part of Eastman Kodak's global restructuring and move to focus on digital technology.
HP announced a comprehensive suite of service-oriented architecture (SOA) consulting services and the opening of four worldwide competency centers to assist customers in planning, designing, implementing and managing SOAs to improve their business performance. SOA is a highly efficient and cost-effective way to integrate heterogeneous IT systems and increase business agility. HP's new services are designed to assist customers through the entire SOA process, from envisioning and assessment to development and governance. Located in Atlanta, Bangalore, India, Sophia Antipolis, france and Tokyo, the SOA competency centers are staffed with HP and third-party experts to offer customers access to architecture and consulting skills, software and hardware demonstrations, seminars and hands-on workshops. The new services and competency centers build on HP's existing SOA consulting services and management software and follow the recent introduction of HP OpenView SOA Manager, a tool designed to manage the lifecycle of business services in order to achieve better linkages between business and IT.
Honeywell International Inc. will eliminate an unspecified number of jobs as part of a reorganization of its aerospace business. Positions will be cut worldwide from the Phoenix-based unit. The reorganization and associated job cuts will begin July 5 and be completed by year's end.
William Wrigley Jr. Co. plans to sell the North American marketing rights and the Creston, Iowa production facility for the Trolli(R) brand that are part of the Kraft transaction.
William Wrigley Jr. Co. announced it was dismissing 500 workers to help pay for the purchase of several top candy brands. The company announced it expects to lay off 3% of its workforce or about 500 people.
Hypercom Corp. said that it will reduce its global headcount by over 100 people, as part of an organizational review. Around 21 senior management positions will be eliminated. The company said it expects to create annual savings of over $15 million by cutting 20% of its base payroll, benefits, perquisites, bonus and incentive compensation, as well as associated travel and related expenses. The annualized savings rate will be effective in the fourth quarter.
Pegasus Solutions Inc. announced its intention to exit the property management system business. The company's PMS products have both chain and independent hotel customers. The company further commented that it is currently in discussions with potential buyers to sell all or parts of its PMS business. The PMS business is expected to be sold within one year.
According to sources, CNET Networks Inc. is informally shopping itself for a buyer. Sources add that CNET has held talks with Viacom Inc. and IAC/InterActive Corp. Sources further add that a deal is not imminent, and a possible price had not yet been brought up in discussions. 
Microsoft Corp. announced that software giant plans to invest more than $4.5 million (€3.7 million) in educational, commercial and technology projects in Thailand. The government has been working with Microsoft on Thailand.net, a long-term project to train Web developers, strengthen the local software industry and promote Thai Web services internationally. The online training program includes a new five-step, online certification program for aspiring Web developers.
Visteon Corp. plans deep cuts to retirement health coverage and life insurance benefits for thousands of salaried workers. The cutbacks could impact about 6,700 white-collar workers. The salaried workers who retire on or after June 1, 2007 will no longer receive company-subsidized health insurance. As many as 4,300 employees will be forced to pay 100% of their health care premiums after retirement.
Marathon Oil Corporation announced that the Neptune development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico has been sanctioned by Marathon and its project partners. Neptune, in which Marathon Oil Corp.holds a 30% interest, is expected to begin production in late 2007, ramping up to full production of approximately 50,000 gross barrels of oil equivalent per day (14,000 net to Marathon after royalty) during 2008. Marathon's net cost of the Neptune development is estimated at $255 million. The field, which holds estimated proved and probable reserves of between 100-150 million barrels of oil equivalent, comprises Atwater Valley Blocks 573, 574, 575, 617 and 618 in water depths that range from 4,200 feet to 6,500 feet.
Maytag Corp. assumed closing three factories, including the company's flagship plant in Newton. A preliminary proxy filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday indicated the company could expect to save $140 million by closing laundry equipment manufacturing plants in Newton and Florence, S.C., and a Hoover vacuum cleaner plant in North Canton, Ohio, in 2005.
Sabre Holdings Corp. plans to cut as many as 150 jobs in a reorganization of its technology group. The layoffs will cost the firm as much as $5 million in severance charges this year, with as much as $4 million incurred during the second quarter.Sabre Holdings Corp. revised earnings guidance for second-quarter 2005. The company now expects EPS to be between $0.39 and $0.42 cents, on an adjusted basis which is as much as 12.5% lower than it's previous forecast.
Nu Skin Enterprises Inc. announced that it is gearing-up to build a new Pharmamex supplements plant some time during the first quarter of 2006. Construction plans call for building a factory with an installed production capacity of 1.5 million units per month including testing, quality control and packaging. The move is reportedly aimed at reducing production costs as well as expanding its market share in Asia. The project, to be completed by the second quarter of 2007, is anticipated to cost $20,000,000 to build. At that time, the 180,000 square-foot facility on a 7.5 acre property in Feng Xian, a suburb of Shanghai, will be the company's 4th in China and its largest worldwide. NU SKIN employs a total staff of about 4,000 engaged in cosmetics, hair preparations, vitamins and minerals wholesale.
Crompton Corp. announced that it will cut its work force by 8% and take merger-related and other charges of $221 million to $241 million. The company completed its $2 billion merger with Indianapolis-based specialty chemicals company Great Lakes Chemical Corp. and will change its name to Chemtura Corp. announced that it will cut about 600 people from its 7,300-person work force over the next year.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that it plans to build a Supercenter here along U.S. Highway 75. Three Wal-Mart Supercenters - in Seward, York and Columbus - opened in April, 2005. The City Council in Nebraska City approved plans this week for a new store along U.S. Highway 75 and Nebraska Highway 2.
Alcoa recently announced it would cut an additional 6,500 jobs or 5% of its global workforce, this year as part of its continuing restructuring program. Alcoa's upcoming 6,500 job cuts will not impact the Jamalco refinery in Jamaica.
Avaya Inc. has opened a training center in Colombia. The center, with the latest technology in telecommunications, is located at the new offices of the company in the city of Bogota.
BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. announced that it has eliminated 58 positions, of which 52 were held by personnel responsible for the sale of Orapred(R). As a result, the company expects to reduce operating expenses by approximately $3 million in 2005 and by approximately $9 million on an annualized basis.
Chemtura Corp. plans to shed some plastics-additives businesses and other units because they lack "critical mass". The Middlebury, Connecticut-based company will announce within 90 days, which businesses might be for sale.
QUALCOMM Inc. announced that it will be joined by U.S. Senator Harry Reid (D-NV) to break ground on the Company's new Secure Network Operations Center on a 32-acre site in North Las Vegas' Cheyenne Technology Corridor. The high-security facility will enhance the critical infrastructure for technology solutions used by transportation fleets to track and help secure and protect high-risk and high- value cargo. QUALCOMM's new multiple-building facility will also operate state-of-the- art systems for its new MediaFLO network operations center, which will distribute advanced multimedia services to 3G digital handsets using QUALCOMM's technologies. In addition, the facility will house a regional data center that will provide information technology infrastructure supporting company-wide expansion across QUALCOMM's entire business. QUALCOMM and the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV) are also establishing a collaborative relationship for work on homeland security initiatives.
Morton's Restaurant Group Inc. has named Edie Garritano-Ames as president of its Morton's, The Steakhouse division. Before joining Morton's, Garritano-Ames had been with California Pizza Kitchen for eleven years. In her most recent position, as regional vice president of operations.The company announced a new Morton's restaurant will open in Atlantic City, NJ early next month.
Copart Inc. announced the opening of its forth salvage facility in the state of Washington and its ninth in its Pacific Northwest region. Located in Spokane, Washington, this 33-acre greenfield facility was purchased by Copart. It will add needed capacity in the eastern part of the state, which is currently serviced by yards in Pasco, Washington and Helena, Montana.
Fischer Imaging Corp. announced thatit has eliminated 34 positions in its Thornton, Colorado facility. Most of these positions were eliminated as part of the Company's continued implementation of its previously announced plan to improve operating efficiencies in order to reduce cost of sales, improve gross margin and lower overall operating costs as a (percentage) of revenues. In addition, a small number of positions were eliminated as a result of the Company's recent agreement with HologicInc. The Company expects to recognize a pre-tax restructuring charge related to cash severance payments estimated to be $350,000 in the second quarter ended June30, 2005.
CONSOL Energy Inc. has created CNX Gas Corporation as a wholly owned subsidiary. CNX Gas will own, operate and conduct CONSOL Energy's gas business as a separate entity.
Pfizer Inc. announced that it is planning to set up an R&D facility on the island. Pfizer has not outlined a time-frame for the establishment of this research centre, but did note that investment will increase following the completion of the new TWD 700 million ( $21.8 million) headquarters, the construction of which was initially announced in October 2003.
Best Buy is set to open July 29 in Valparaiso Walk, filling out the last of eight available store fronts in a section of the retail center. The 30,000-square-foot store will feature Best Buy's latest floor plan with wider aisles and a single-line check out. Hiring is underway for a work force of about 120, including full- and part-time positions requiring retail sales experience along with knowledge of consumer electronics. The store occupies space at the northern end of an eight-store strip in the $20-million, 146,000-square-foot Walk, at Silhavy Road and LaPorte Avenue.
Home Depot Inc. received a building permit this week to start construction on a new store in north Tulare. The company plans to build a 104,000-square-foot store, valued at $4.5 million, at the northwest corner of Prosperity Avenue and Laspina Street. The Home Depot would be about 6.6 miles and 11 minutes of driving time from its south Visalia store. The retailer also has stores in Hanford, Porterville, Delano, Fresno and Clovis.
According to an analyst, Borland Software Corp., struggling to appease Wall Street as it scrambles to revamp its technology focus, could attract potential acquirers. Borland chief executive Dale Fuller resigned July 8th shortly after the company warned of lower-than-expected quarterly earnings. Borland offered no reason for his abrupt departure. Borland forecast sales for the second quarter of $65 million to $67 million, compared with prior guidance of $70 million to $73 million. In the year-ago period, the company reported sales of $76.5 million. 
Cost-U-Less Inc. announced that it has been granted approval from the Cayman Islands Trade and Business Licensing Board to operate a retail and wholesale business through a controlled subsidiary organized in the Cayman Islands. This is the first in a series of steps that must be taken before a store operating under the Cost-U-Less name could be opened in the Cayman Islands.
Sprint Corp. announced its arrival onto the wireless broadband scene. Sprint Corp. plans to provide mobile broadband service to about 150-million people by early next year. The service, using Evolution Data Optimized technology, will be available in business districts and airports in 34 markets by the end of July. It came online this month in 17 of those markets.
International Business Machines Corp. has expanded its business transformation outsourcing (BTO) capability to help companies operate end-to-end supply chain processes, from procurement and logistics to strategy and planning.
Mercury Interactive Corp. announced that its board had decided on July 1 to implement a restructuring plan during the third quarter of 2005, which will include lay-offs. The company announced less than 5% of its workforce would be laid off.
Honeywell International Inc. announced that it intends to invest at least $5 million during the next five years into laboratory equipment and research activities at Albany NanoTech, one of the largest centers for nanotechnology research in the United States. Honeywell also will locate laboratories and researchers at the center to work on next generation materials for the semiconductor industry.
Grand Casino Biloxi and Grand Casino Gulfport re-opened at noon Central Daylight Time, Harrah's Entertainment Inc. reported. The Harrison County board of supervisors and the Mississippi Gaming Commission ordered the evacuation and closure of the two properties as a safety precaution due to the approach of Hurricane Dennis. The properties suffered no damage from the storm.
Sigma-Aldrich announced a new organization consisting of four customer-centric business units, each headed by a President reporting to the Company's President & COO, intended to further enhance its ability to serve its diverse base of more than sixty thousand commercial accounts comprising one million individual customers worldwide and the potential for above market growth rates. After an extensive six month study which included interviews with nearly 650 customers around the globe, the Company is reorganizing its two existing life science and high technology Research businesses Scientific Research and Biotechnology into three units, each with its own distinctive competencies to meet the needs of carefully defined customer segments.
Sunterra Corp. announced that it will cut jobs in Britain due to changing market conditions. For the year ending Sept. 30, 2006, the company expects savings from these actions of about $3 million, which will initially be offset by charges of about $1.5 million for the year ending Sept. 30. The company also expects fiscal 2005 earnings of $18 million to $20 million on revenue of $400 million to $415 million .Excluding special charges, the company expects net income of $19 million to $20 million.
Sprint Corp.'s plan to spin off local- telephone operations may take longer than the company expected because of regulatory requirements in states such as New Jersey. The spinoff is likely to happen more than nine months after Sprint completes its $35 billion Nextel Communications Inc. purchase this quarter. A delay may prolong a drag on results from the shrinking local-calling business, which has lost 79,000 lines in the past two quarters. Approval from individual states including New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Washington may take longer, as Sprint prepares filings that include financial results.
Mosaic Co. announced that it will permanently close its Kingsford phosphate mining operations on Sept. 12, 2005 citing the depletion of phosphate ore reserves after nearly 40 years of mining operations at the central Florida facility. The closure will result in the elimination of 275 positions though it will retain a limited number of employees for up to three months following the closing date to complete post-mining shutdown activities.
Business-software maker Acxiom Corp., which is embroiled in a takeover fight, announced that its first quarter profits would fall short of expectations and that it will lay off 250 employees as part of a larger plan to cut annual costs by some $60 million. The Little Rock-based company also plans to sell or close some operations.
Acxiom Corp. announced that it will lay off 250 employees as part of a larger plan to cut annual costs by some $60 million. The company also plans to sell or close some operations. About 100 of the new job cuts will be in Arkansas, another 100 at assorted U.S. sites and the rest in other countries. About 4% of Acxiom's work force is being let go.
Papa John's International Inc. is celebrating the upcoming opening of its 3000th restaurant by giving away one of its . shhhh . secret ingredients - literally! On July 13 beginning at 11:30 a.m., customers who visit Papa John's Store 3000, located on the corner of 89th Street and Amsterdam Avenue in Manhattan, will receive a fresh, juicy, vine-ripened red tomato, one of the superior-quality secret ingredients that goes into making Papa John's pizza so delicious.
Sonic Solutions announced that it has founded the High Definition Authoring Alliance(TM) (HDAA), the first and only worldwide association of top DVD authoring houses dedicated to facilitating the rollout of titles for release in the new high definition HD DVD and Blu-ray Disc (BD) optical disc formats. Building on Sonic's leading role in DVD authoring solutions and its close, long-standing ties to Hollywood and the consumer electronics industry, the HDAA will increase momentum for successful introduction of the formats, ensuring the timely availability of quality titles by providing members with exclusive access to key information, HD-enabled tools and comprehensive training.
Teradyne Inc. initiated actions to reduce its workforce by notifying approximately 400 employees from the Semiconductor Test Division that their employment is being terminated as part of the Company's ongoing effort to lower expenses. The terminations are expected to be completed by fiscal year end 2005.
Hewlett-Packard Co. Chief Executive Mark Hurd, who joined the company in April, will probably target research and development in his efforts to slash spending. Hurd, 48, will announce in coming weeks the elimination of as many as 15,000 jobs, or 10% of the workforce, and the reduction of a $3.5 billion budget for research. The cuts may come at places such as the company's research center for laser printers in Boise, Idaho, which Hurd visited last month. The facility boasts a $600,000 artificial head that scientists use to measure the noise generated by printers and a budget that allows them to spend $3.6 million on paper to test the machines.
Verizon Communications Inc. unveiled its Verizon Fios Internet Service in Bethlehem, the first Capital Region community to receive residential fiber-optic lines. The high-speed broadband service will cost $34.95 per month or more. The company plans to offer television service over the network later this year. Colonie will be the next Capital Region community to get the Fios service.
LifePoint Hospitals Inc. agreed to buy five rural medical centers in Virginia and West Virginia from HCA Inc. HCA is shedding hospitals outside urban and suburban markets, the Nashville. HCA had said in March it planned to sell 10 of its 190 hospitals. The company said it's still in discussions with potential buyers for the remaining five rural hospitals it intends to sell: Grandview Medical Center in Jasper, Tennessee, with 70 beds; River Park Hospital, McMinnville, Tennessee, with 127 beds; North Monroe Medical Center in Monroe, Louisiana, with 255 beds; Southwestern Medical Center in Lawton, Oklahoma, with 212 beds; and Capital Medical Center in Olympia, Washington, with 119 beds.
Campbell Soup Co. said it plans to build an $80 million culinary campus in Everett, WA. for its premium refrigerated soup business and to relocate there from Woodinville, WA. The new facility will enable the company's StockPot business to increase its production capacity by 50%. The new facility is expected to start up in the summer of 2006.
Home Depot has signed a lease allowing the hardware chain to open a second Vallejo store in a building now occupied by Wal-Mart. Home Depot plans to continue operating both its existing store in Gateway Plaza and the new location at 5180 Sonoma Blvd. in Meadows Plaza. The company has signed a 20-plus-year lease for the building with A&C Ventures.
Allegheny Technologies Inc. announced a major expansion of its titanium production capabilities. These investments are aimed at significantly increasing ATI's capacity to produce titanium and titanium alloys used for aero-engine rotating parts, airframe applications and in other robust global markets. These capital investments of approximately $100 million over the next 18 months will be funded from internal cash flow. Major strategic capital projects include Upgrading and restarting ATI's idled titanium sponge facility. ATI expects an annual production rate of 7.5 million pounds of titanium sponge from this facility beginning in the first half of 2006. Titanium sponge is a critical raw material used to produce titanium mill products. Constructing a third plasma arc melt cold-hearth furnace. ATI expects this new furnace to be qualified for production by late 2006. Plasma arc melting is a superior cold-hearth melt process for making alloyed titanium products for aero-engine rotating parts and biomedical applications.
International Paper Co. announced that another 60 jobs are being cut at the Bastrop paper mill. Approximately 41 additional hourly jobs and 19 salaried jobs will be eliminated due to changes in the processes and operating systems following the indefinite shutdown of the No. 3 paper machine. The latest announcement leaves about 660 jobs at the mill.
News Corp. announced that it is launching a new unit grouping together the Internet properties owned by its Fox entertainment, news and sports businesses. The new unit, to be called Fox Interactive Media. In addition to sports, the group will also oversee the online operations of the Fox television network, cable TV's Fox News Channel and the Web sites of Fox's local TV stations. The division will coordinate back-office functions such as advertising sales across the Web sites, and also make it easier for browsers to move from one Fox-owned site to another, personalize what they see and get access to a greater variety of content such as video.The company announced that the new unit, to be called Fox Interactive Media, will be headed by Ross Levinsohn, formerly chief of Fox's online sports business.
Nu Skin Enterprises Inc. announced the purchase of 7.5 acres in Feng Xian, China, the future home of a $20 million, 180,000 sq. ft. Pharmanex manufacturing facility. The new facility will have the capacity to employ more than 1,000 people. Construction on the plant is scheduled to begin the first quarter of 2006 and is scheduled to be completed by the second quarter of 2007. Pharmanex, a Nu Skin Enterprises company, applies pharmaceutical processes and scientific measurement to create nutritional supplements.
General Electric Co. announced that this time the company is eliminating 18 hourly positions. The company expects to eliminate half of those jobs through early retirement and natural attrition. The plant on Industrial Drive on the Orange County side of Mebane opened in 1972. It makes high-tech switching equipment.
Abbott Laboratories will cut 700 manufacturing jobs as well as make additional cuts in its 60,000-member workforce over the next several years in an effort to reduce costs and continue to improve earnings.
Hewlett-Packard plans to lay out. The details of a major revamping plan that is expected to include sweeping layoffs of more than 10,000 employees. The scope of the layoffs is excepted to be wide enough that it may drown out the subtleties of Hewlett's broader message.
Hewlett-Packard Co. announced a restructuring plan designed to save $1.9 billion annually and boost business performance. The company said it will lay off 10% of its regular full-time staff, or 14,500 employees, over the next six quarters. HP intends to simplify its structure by embedding sales and marketing efforts directly into business units, in a move to provide a tighter link with customers. The company said it will cut costs by restructuring support functions, eliminating redundancies and modifying HP's U.S. retirement programs, which will free funds for reinvestment in the business.
International Business Machines Corp. said it now expects to cut 14,500 jobs, 70% of them in Europe, under the wide-ranging restructuring it announced in May. Previously, the staff reductions were expected to number 13,000 at most.
Bisys Group Inc. announced the formation of a new business unit focused on growth opportunities for financial services in nontraditional markets. The new line of business, BISYS Corporate Financial Solutions (CFS), offers services in the healthcare banking, corporate money market, retained asset and insured deposit markets. It is the culmination of work done over the past few years to expand and reengineer BISYS' traditional banking platform and to create scalable back-office services for selected segments of the financial services market.The company also announced that the new unit, which is part of BISYS Information Services, would be led by Kevin Tierney, who has assumed the role of Executive Vice President. Tierney, who possesses more than 25 years of bank management and technology experience, is responsible for strategic planning, new business development, and relationship management for diverse clients requiring creative, customized solutions that deliver high-demand banking capabilities and services.
Albemarle Corp. will expand hydroprocessing catalyst (HPC) production capacity at three sites worldwide to address growing demand for its leading-technology products. Albemarle will build a new 10,000 metric tons-per-year capacity plant at this site, with initial production projected to begin by the end of 2006. The company also will add a specialized production line at its Amsterdam site; implement debottlenecking activities at existing plants in Pasadena, Amsterdam and Niihama; and make further investments in its laboratories, most notably in the area of combinatorial chemistry. Hydroprocessing catalysts are used in virtually all petroleum refineries around the world and are essential for the production of clean fuels.
Tyson Foods Inc.'s Bentonville plant, which was built in the 1960s and is located in the middle of the city, is scheduled to cease operations from October 1, 2005. The 320 Team Members affected will be given the opportunity to apply for openings at other Tyson locations.
Gateway Inc. announced the availability of its notebook PCs in 875 Staples stores throughout the United States. Just in time for the back-to-school buying season, Staples will initially carry two Gateway notebook models.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced the opening of a new supercenter in McKinney, Texas, which will also serve as an experimental store. The new supercenter, offering a full line of groceries, bakery goods, deli foods, meat and dairy products, fresh produce, a Tire Lube and Express and a vision center just to name a few services, will be open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The supercenter will employ about 450 people, including 178 new jobs from the relocation.
SpectraSite Inc. is expected to lose about half the employees at its Cary headquarters after its $3.1 billion purchase by rival American Tower. American Tower will cut about 175 jobs at SpectraSite's office as it tries to trim up to $35 million in annual costs after the acquisition. Most of the cuts will take place in November. SpectraSite employs about 450 workers, including 350 in Cary. Positions outside Cary in sales, support and maintenance also will likely be halved.
Verizon Communications Inc. is making an aggressive push to break into the cable television market in the Washington region as part of a broader effort to expand its telephone network and offer an array of services nationwide. The New York-based telecommunications giant has applied for cable franchises in three Washington area jurisdictions -- Howard County, the city of Bowie and the town of Herndon -- within the past six months. Verizon says more applications are on the way as it builds fiber-optic networks that allow it to offer ultra high-speed Internet access, hundreds of digital television channels and thousands of video-on-demand titles at competitive prices.
Aeropostale Inc., New York, opened the first of its 14 planned Jimmy'Z celebrity-inspired apparel stores this month in Wellington, Fla. The revamped Jimmy'Z brand, which was formerly a surf-inspired apparel store, is targeted at 18 to 25 year old males and females who want to dress like celebrities at a fraction of the cost. The company hopes to eventually open 500 to 700 Jimmy'Z stores nationwide. The stores, which will range from 3,500 to 4,000 sq. ft., are designed in the style of retro West Hollywood homes and will feature denim and T-shirt bars that create a series of rooms in the store.
Honeywell International Inc. announced that it will trim 2,000 jobs from its aerospace division, as it reported adjusted second-quarter profit grew 29% on surging sales even as a one-time charge for repatriating foreign earnings depressed net income. Honeywell said that 10% to 20% of the job cuts would be through attrition and the rest through layoffs by year's end. He declined to say where the cuts would occur. The cuts - about 5% of Honeywell's 40,000-person worldwide aerospace work force - are part of the division's restructuring that began earlier July, 2005.
Corning Inc. announced that the company has approved an additional capital expenditure of approximately $100 million for expanded capabilities at its new clean-diesel products manufacturing facility in Erwin, N.Y. This investment is in addition to a $70 million expansion announced in February 2005. This incremental investment in Corning's diesel manufacturing facility will provide more firing and finishing capability to meet anticipated market demand for its recently introduced Corning DuraTrap(R) AT filter, for diesel passenger car use, as well as demand for Corning substrates and filters for medium and heavy-duty diesel engine applications. These manufacturing enhancements are expected to be fully operational in late 2006.
Activist Borland Software Corp. shareholder Robert Coates is back, and this time he's working on a proposal that involves spinning off pieces of the troubled company. Coates said Wednesday, July 20, two disappointing quarters and the abrupt departure nearly two weeks ago of Borland CEO Dale Fuller prompted him to begin work on a new strategy for the company. Coates, a former Borland board member, aims to finalize his proposal in the next few weeks. Coates and family members hold nearly 2 million shares, or about 2.5% of the roughly 80 million outstanding Borland shares. Coates said he is not pushing for a sale of Borland. Rather, he argued the company is worth more as a standalone concern, but would benefit from spinning off business units that offer legacy products used by software developers.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that it will open the first of two test supercentres it says are designed to protect the environment and save energy. The first store in McKinney, Tex., features a windmill, wildflower meadow, rainwater collection pond and drip irrigation system. Wal-Mart will use the stores as three-year experiments in resource and energy conservation. The company will open the second store in Aurora, Colo., this year, which will give it the ability to track operations in hot and cold climates.
Navigant International Inc. has put in place a poison pill to deter hostile takeovers. The move comes after two foreign companies, Boron Securities and TQ3 Travel Solutions GmbH recently increased their ownership to more than 11 percent each. The company announced that it had adopted a one-year stockholder rights plan - commonly known as a poison pill - to distribute one preferred-stock purchase right as a dividend for each share of common stock held at the close of business July 29. It is set to expire July 19, 2006. The rights come into play if someone acquires 15 percent or more of the company's common stock. Navigant said that it had from time to time received indications from parties interested in considering acquiring the company" and would consider any transaction that is in the best interests of the company and its stockholders. Analysts said that Navigant could be of interest to other travel related companies.
More jobs will be eliminated at an International Paper Co. mill as the plant converts to a lightweight linerboard production. The company employs nearly 80,000 people. The company eliminated 110 jobs at the Cantonment plant in April when it shut down the Number 3 paper machine.
Eastman Kodak Co. announced that it is cutting as many as 10,000 more jobs as it posted disappointing second-quarter results amid a struggle to make the wrenching transition from film to digital photography.It now plans to cut 22,500 to 25,000 jobs, and reduce its traditional manufacturing infrastructure to about $1 billion, down from $2.9 billion in January 2004. The restructuring is expected to be largely completed by the middle of 2007, and will trim its work force to around 40,000.The company reported earnings results for the second quarter ended June 2005. The company reported that it lost $146 million, or 51 cents per share, in the April-June quarter, compared with a profit of $136 million, or 46 cents per share, in last year's second quarter. Sales grew 6% to $3.69 billion from $3.46 billion a year ago.
Hewlett-Packard Co. is discontinuing four research projects at HP Labs. About 10%, or 70, of HP Labs' 700 employees worldwide will receive layoff notices but some may find work elsewhere in the company. Discontinued research projects include HP's Cambridge Research Lab, the Consumer Applications and Systems Laboratory, the Emerging Technologies Laboratory and Kay's Advanced Software Research team.
According to sources, Shares of Intrado Inc., which provides emergency phone services to U.S. carriers, may benefit because the company may be sold. Roy Disney and Shamrock Capital Advisors Inc.'s Stanley Gold own a 6.2 percent stake, or 1 million shares, in the company. Another investor has been buying Intrado shares. Shamrock executives will meet with Intrado's board on July 27. The company's stock, which debuted at $12 in 1998, rose to $15 when Shamrock bought shares in June.
Motorola Inc. announced that it will trim about 150 jobs, or about 5% of its 3,000-person workforce in Plantation. The 150 jobs slated to be eliminated in this latest round of cutbacks are in Motorola's distribution operation, but are considered part of its manufacturing workforce.
Ford Motor Co. fired an undisclosed number of public-affairs workers in what may be the first in a series of job cuts as the automaker speeds up cost- cutting measures after profit dropped two consecutive quarters. The company also wants to eliminate about 1,700 jobs, 5% of its North American auto positions by Oct. 1. Ford told employees in April that firings could occur if enough salaried employees didn't accept buyouts.
Best Buy Co. Inc. is getting ready to open its first store in Gatineau this September. Best Buy is hiring approximately 130 employees for its third Quebec store located in Gatineau at 920 Maloney Blvd. West.
Kimberly-Clark Corp. announced that it would lay off about 6,000 employees. The company's moves, which will affect about 10% of its staff, are part of a cost-cutting plan that will result in the closure or sale of about 20 factories, mostly in North America and Europe.
Kimberly-Clark Corp. posted lower second-quarter profit, weighed down by income tax expense and liability due to the repatriation of foreign earnings. The company also unveiled a cost-cutting plan which would lead to a net workforce reduction of about 10 percent, or approximately 6,000 employees, while approximately 20 manufacturing facilities, or 17 percent of the company's worldwide total, will be sold or closed, and an additional 4 facilities will be streamlined.
Wal-Mart plans to open an eco-friendly store. The company was scheduled to open a 206,000-square-foot building that will include features such as a 120-foot-tall wind turbine that will produce about 5% of the store's energy and a rainwater-harvesting pond designed to provide 95% of the water needed for irrigation. The company wants some of the features in the store's design to one day be viewed as standard, including waterless urinals in customer bathrooms, which save about one gallon of water per usage; recycled cooking oil from the store's deli and engine oil from the auto center that will be used to help heat the building; and climate-control measures and alternative-refrigeration units that are projected to save enough electricity to power 135 single-family homes for one year.
Applied Biosystems Group announced it will take a pre-tax charge in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005 of approximately $20-$22 million to cover costs of employee severance and facilities closure. The charge reflects the group's decision to reduce and rebalance the Applied Biosystems workforce. The group anticipates a reduction of about 250 positions, primarily in research and development, marketing, and operations.
Modine Manufacturing Co. announced that it is closing its aftermarket radiator factory. Some of the roughly 130 workers at the plant were told when they arrived at work that they would be laid off immediately. Others will continue to work until late September when the plant shuts down.
Rent-A-Center Inc. earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2005. For the quarter, the Company reported total revenues of $580.6 million, a $7.6 million increase from $573.0 million for the same period in the prior year. Net earnings were $39.6 million, or $0.52 per diluted share, representing a decrease of 16.1% from the $0.62 per diluted share, or net earnings of $51.2 million, for the same period in the prior year.For the six months, the company's total revenues increased to $1.182 billion, a 2.1% increase from $1.158 billion for the same period in the prior year. Net earnings were $82.3 million, or $1.08 per diluted share.The company provides earnings outlook for the third quarter and full year of 2005. For the quarter, the company expects total revenues to be in the range of $572 million to $580 million. Diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.38 to $0.42.For the year, the company expects total revenues to be in the range of $2.34 billion and $2.36 billion. Diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $1.90 to $2.00.In the third quarter, the company expects to open 15-20 new store locations and in the full year of fiscal 2005, the company expects to open 60-70 new store locations.
The Outlets at Hershey announced that Polo Ralph Lauren Corp. will open a 10,000 sq. ft. factory store at The Outlets at Hershey. Slated to grand open August 5, 2005, the new Polo Ralph Lauren store will feature first-quality, first-run brand name merchandise at factory store prices. The Outlets at Hershey is located just beside Hersheypark and across from the acclaimed Hershey Hotel & Spa in Hershey, PA. Voted #1 place to shop for children's clothing in Central Pennsylvania, brand names such as Calvin Klein, Brooks Brothers, Tommy Hilfiger, Liz Claiborne, Jones New York, Nine West, and Nautica contribute to the center's popularity as a lifestyle outlet destination.
Xerox Corp. announced that it would shed 2,600 jobs as it moves to counter weaker margins in sales of office equipment. The majority of the cuts will be in technical support services and manufacturing in Europe and North America. Xerox recorded restructuring charges of about $200-million 13 cents a share) in the second quarter.
Macrovision Corp. announced plans to launch a new business unit that offers a complete, end-to-end solution for game publishers to secure, distribute, promote and continuously renew their video games. The new business unit provides value-added services to casual and core game publishers designed to maximize the value of a game title. Retailers, portals, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), and Cable System Operators (MSOs) can offer the world's largest catalog of more than 1200 legitimate downloadable games to their consumer audiences.
Nektar Therapeutics announced a newly-created Diabetes Group. This newly created Group is designed to maximize Nektar's commercial opportunity for Exubera(R) (inhaled insulin) and more broadly in the diabetes field. The company also announced that it appointed Ajay Bansal, currently the company's Chief Financial Officer (CFO), as General Manager, to manage the group. The company is initiating a search for a new CFO to replace Bansal, who will serve as interim CFO until a replacement is found. As General Manager of the Diabetes Group, Bansal will drive decision making and strategy development in the organization for initiatives related to Exubera and diabetes. Ajay will be responsible for overseeing diabetes product decisions, resource allocation, partner relationships, and the profit and loss of the diabetes area for Nektar.
Lexmark International Inc. announced that it will reduce its work force by about 275 employees through the first half of 2006, with a majority of the affected employees leaving in the third quarter of fiscal 2005. Lexmark expects the layoffs to result in pretax charges totaling $26 million, including a charge of $13 million in the third quarter that will reduce earnings per share by 8 cents. On an annual basis, Lexmark expects the job cuts to make $23 million available for reinvestment in the company's strategic initiatives.
Terremark Worldwide Inc. announced the creation of Terremark Federal Group Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Terremark Worldwide Inc. TFG will be responsible for managing Terremark's existing U.S. Government contracts and directing Terremark's business development strategy for all Federal government agencies and the Federal integrator market.
Vonage Holdings Corp. announced that it is setting up an E911 fallback center to handle 911 calls from its VoIP customers who, for any reason, can't be automatically routed to the correct public service answering point (PSAP). TeleCommunication Systems (TCS) will run the center for Vonage. Vonage is looking to avoid a situation in which VoIP customers, instead of being routed to the correct PSAP, may have their E911 calls forwarded to the administrative phone numbers of an emergency agency - where the phone rings off the hook but nobody answers. Such situations aren't going to be allowed under the new FCC rules.
The Interpublic Group announced that it has created a new unit that will enhance the company's focus on marketing accountability and ROI.The company has tapped Neil Canter, 45, an experienced executive in the fields of marketing analytics and consulting as Managing Director of the group, which will be called MAP (Marketing Accountability Partnership) and will report directly to senior Interpublic management. In this new role, Mr. Canter will bring together and oversee all of the individuals and proprietary tools and techniques devoted to marketing analytics across all Interpublic companies.
Comcast Corp. announced that, it may be weighing a sports network to challenge the leadership of ESPN.Comcast may try to turn its niche Outdoor Life Network into a more broad-based sports network. At first it would need to land rights to broadcast games from the National Hockey League and National Football League to give it the sports programming it needs to attract viewers and greater cable distribution. The NFL has recently signed broadcast rights deals with ESPN that run through 2013 and three broadcast networks that run through 2011 to carry most of its games. But the NFL will offer Thursday and Saturday night games late in the season starting in the 2006 season. Comcast is in talks to broadcast those Thursday and Saturday games, according to the report, for as much as $400 million a year.
Computer Associates International Inc. announced that it would again slash 5% of its workforce in a move expected to save it $75 million a year. The job cuts follow an earlier round of layoffs last September at the Islandia, N.Y., management software firm, under which it also handed pink slips to some 800 workers.
Hormel Foods Corp. announced that it is planning a $6 million expansion at its Rochelle IL meat processing plant. The company will construct a 27,500-square-foot addition to the Rochelle Foods plant and intends to remodel about 25,000 square feet of the present facility.
Newmont Mining Corp. announced plans to proceed with the development of the Akyem project, located in the Eastern Region of Ghana. Newmont has an 85% interest in the Akyem project, which at year-end 2004 had 5.4 million equity ounces of reserves. The estimated costs of development are approximately $500 million, with gold production expected to commence in the second half of 2008. The project is expected to generate steady-state annual consolidated gold sales of approximately 400,000 ounces.
MeadWestvaco Corp. said it will cut 10% to 15% of its salaried workers in a revamp of its business model designed to save about $200 million a year. The cuts would eliminate between 700 and 850 of the company's 7,000 salaried workers.
Rent-A-Center Inc. announced that it plans to expand its payday loan offerings to a few dozen stores by year-end. The financial products are currently offered at 27 of its ColorTyme Inc. stores in Idaho, Oregon, Utah, Washington, Montana and Nevada.
Starbucks Corp. reported earnings results for the thirteen weeks(third quarter) ended July 3, 2005. For thirteen weeks, the company reported net earnings of $125,575,000 or $0.31 diluted net earnings per common share on total net revenue of $1,601,799,000 against net earnings of $97,580,000 or $0.24 diluted net earnings per common share on total net revenue of $1,318,691,000 for the same period of earlier year.Starbucks continues to plan to open approximately 1,500 new stores on a global basis in fiscal 2005. In the United States, Starbucks plans to open approximately 550 Company-operated locations and 525 licensed locations. In International markets, Starbucks plans to open approximately 100 Company-operated stores and 325 licensed stores
Waste Management, Inc. announced its plan to divest under-performing or non-strategic operations. To date, operations identified for divestiture represent over $400 million in annual revenue. These operations consist primarily of collection businesses and transfer stations. These businesses generated approximately $215 million in gross revenue and $11 million in operating income for the first six months of 2005.
Deere & Co. announced that it has made equity investments in several wind energy projects in the rural U.S. and has created a business unit to provide project development, debt financing and other services to those interested in harvesting the wind. Deere also said it has no plans to manufacture wind turbines. Deere has invested in wind energy projects located in Minnesota and Texas, is considering projects in other states of the U.S. and has reviewed projects in other countries.
Continental Airlines Inc. announced that it has ordered two additional 777-200 extended range jets from Boeing Co. (ba). Terms weren't disclosed. The aircraft are expected to be delivered during the first quarter of 2007 and will be used on its long-haul international routes.
KB Home has opened Valdemosa, the company's first California Friendly landscaped community in the state. Located in the Temecula Valley, Valdemosa offers three floor-plan options, including one flexible single-story plan and two two-story plans. Each plan is designed to fit a variety of lifestyles with up to 3,612 square feet of interior living space. The homes feature three to five bedrooms, two to three-and-a-half baths, a fireplace, covered patio, formal living and dining rooms and kitchen nooks. The centerpiece of this community is California Friendly landscaping, a water conservation initiative sponsored by Eastern Municipal Water District, the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, the Family of Southern California Water Agencies and the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
Local Kimberly-Clark Corp. announced that production at its Cold Spring facility here would be expanded. The Cold Spring facility has been selected as a strategic site for the adult and feminine care operations. As part of the restructuring, production equipment will be transferred from Neenah South to the Cold Spring facility. With that, 120 jobs will be created at Cold Spring, bringing the total number of employees to 380.
Graco Inc. announced that it plans to cut one-third of the workforce at its Lakewood-based plant. The Company will lay off 66 employees by the end of 2005 in a bid to improve profitability.
Owens Corning announced that it is beginning a nearly $25 million expansion of its Aiken, S.C. manufacturing facility to support the recent launch of a composite solution that is transforming the building materials industry. The expansion will add a third production line for coated glass fiber mat and employ approximately 25 people. Scheduled to start in the second quarter of 2006, the new line will produce a new Owens Corning glass mat facing for G-P Gypsum's next generation of DensArmor(TM) Plus, a paperless interior wallboard product introduced at the International Builder's Show in January, that is already redefining wallboard. DensArmor Plus panels feature a glass mat facing that finishes like paper-faced wallboard, resulting in the first completely paperless interior wallboard that offers moisture and mold resistance and finishes easily. The Aiken facility expansion will include the new veil coating production line, modifications to the existing warehouse, and two new buildings including an on-site coating 'kitchen' and a new office complex.
Timken Co. reported earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2005. For the quarter, the company reported net income of $67.3 million or $0.73 per diluted share, up from $25.3 million or $0.28 per diluted share a year ago. The company reported second-quarter sales of $1.3 billion compared to $1.1 billion last year. Adjusted net income for the quarter was $71.1 million or $0.77 per diluted share against adjusted net income of $30.0 million or $0.33 per diluted share for the same period in the last year.For the first half of 2005, sales were $2.6 billion, an increase of 18% from $2.2 billion the prior year. Earnings per diluted share for the first six months were $1.37 in 2005 against $0.60 in 2004. Net income for the six months was $125.6 million against $53.8 million for the same period in the last year. Adjusted net income for the six months was $130.0 million or $1.42 per diluted share against adjusted net income of $58.1 million or $0.64 per diluted share for the same period in the last year.The company provides earnings guidance for the third quarter of 2005. For the third quarter, the company estimates earnings per diluted share, excluding special items of $0.50 to $0.55.The company revised earnings guidance for the full year of 2005. For the full year, the company increased its earnings per diluted share, excluding special items estimates to $2.40 to $2.55 from $2.05 to $2.20. The company announced that Automotive Group's plans to restructure operations which is expected to reduce net workforce of 400 to 500 positions.
Mobile Mini Inc. reported earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2005. For the quarter, the company reported total revenues increased 22.6% to $50.4 million from $41.1 million. Net income was $10.1 million or $0.66 per diluted share as compared to $4.6 million or $0.31 per diluted share.For the six months, the company reported net income of $16.5 million or $1.08 per share diluted on revenue of $96.1 million against net income of $7.7 million or $0.53 per share diluted on revenue of $77.64 million for the same period earlier.The company provides earnings guidance for the third quarter of 2005. For the quarter, the company expects EBITDA of between $22 million and $23 million and diluted earnings per share in the $0.52 to $0.54 range.The company revised earnings guidance for 2005. For the year, the company expects pro forma EBITDA of between $86 million and $87 million and pro forma diluted earnings per share in the $1.98 to $2.02 range. This guidance is based on an overall internal growth rate of 22% to 23% for 2005.The Company announced that Carolyn A. Clawson and Thomas R. Graunke have decided to resign from board of directors, while Barry J. Feld, President, Chief Executive Officer and Board Chairman of PCA International Inc. has agreed to join the Company's Board. With the addition of Mr. Feld, the Board will have six members.The company stated goal of entering between two and four markets, a start-up branch in Indianapolis is planned for later summer, which will bring branch total to 50 branches in 30 states. This follows the April opening of a new Mobile Mini location serving the Minneapolis-St. Paul market.
According to a major fund manager, Symbol Technologies Inc. is ripe for a takeover. David Katz, of Matrix Asset Advisors, noted in the latest edition of Business Week that the company had twice cut its second-quarter earnings forecast and that Chief Financial Officer Mark Greenquist recently resigned. The magazine said that the depressed stock makes it vulnerable to a takeover.
Motorola Inc. is planning to close a great many of its plants around the world in the coming months, and to streamline operations at the remaining ones.
Ford Motor Co. is considering shedding some of its 34 regional offices that support dealerships from New York to California to cut costs, people familiar with the plan said. The company has 17 offices that help Ford-brand dealers with marketing and warranty repair audits and another 17 offices for Lincoln-Mercury franchises. The remaining offices after the cuts might service dealers for both Ford and Lincoln-Mercury.
General Electric Co. announced that up to 150 workers at steam turbine and generator plant are facing a job loss, while another 75 to 200 may face temporary layoffs.
Acxiom Corp. announced that about 150 employees out of a worldwide staff of 6,000 lost their jobs, including 67 of 2,650 Arkansas jobs. An additional 15 employees accepted incentives to retire. About 50 of the jobs cut were outside the United States.Among the employees to retire was Bruce Carroll, a senior executive who was assigned the task in December 2003 of integrating Acxiom's products with recently acquired European data companies, including Claritas Europe, a Dutch company he headed for 10 years. Carroll will become a consultant for the company later this year.
Invacare Corp. announced that it plans to cut about 230 jobs from its global work force and close some manufacturing and distribution facilities.
Komag Inc. announced that it will build a third facility in Penang as part of its reinvestment plan for Malaysia. The manufacturing facility at Batu Maung, which is adjacent to the Bayan Lepas Free Industrial Zone, will occupy 150,000 sq ft of manufacturing space with state-of-the-art equipment and machinery from the US and Japan.
PRA International announced that it has opended new facilities in Lenexa. The company announced that it expects to increase its area employment from about 425 to more than 500 in the next 18 months. Excluding benefits, that will increase the company's local annual payroll from about $20 million to between $32 million and $35 million. The new PRA building is located at 9755 Ridge Drive, in the Renner Ridge Corporate Center, near the intersection of 95th Street and Renner Boulevard.
Kellwood Co. is putting its storage and distribution center in Fernwood up for sale as part of a corporate restructuring. Kellwood officials said they hope the plan can be completed over the next 12 months.
Medtronic Inc. announced that the Mounds View City Council approved the company's development proposal and purchase agreement related to 72 acres of city-owned land as a site for a new 820,000-square-foot headquarters for its cardiac rhythm management business. Medtronic officials plan to break ground this fall and anticipate that the $65-million facility will be completed in late 2007. When complete, it will be the largest Medtronic facility in the world. The first phase of the project will house 3,000 employees with an array of jobs including research and development, marketing, sales, accounting, tax and legal departments and all their support functions. The facility will be master planned to allow expansion up to 1.5 million square feet housing approximately 6,000 employees.
HP introduces first ever HP Education NonStop Training Centre in Beirut to benefit organizations in the Middle East. As part of its ongoing commitment to helping customers transform their businesses, HP has announced its plans to open the HP Education NonStop Training Centre in Beirut Lebanon, to help IT professionals build competencies to achieve peak productivity in evolving information technology environment.
Gulfmark Offshore Inc. announced several vessel additions to the Company's worldwide operated fleet. GulfMark has elected to purchase the vessel where the Company held a first right of refusal. This vessel is an identical sister ship to the vessel purchased earlier this year by GulfMark which is currently being built in China, a 5,150 BHP, 60 ton bollard pull AHTS (anchor handling, towing, supply vessel). The newest vessel is being constructed at the same shipyard at a price below $10 million, with delivery toward the middle of 2006. As with the previous contract, upon purchasing the above vessel, GulfMark has been granted a first right of refusal on a third vessel with somewhat different characteristics. Delivery of the third vessel would be in the latter half of 2006, should the Company decide to exercise the option. The Company has also agreed to participate in a joint venture for the construction of a new design large platform supply vessel, a 4,850 deadweight ton, diesel electric powered Aker PSV09, with expected delivery in 2007.
Unifi Inc. announced that it will close its Central Distribution Center in Mayodan, North Carolina and move its operations to its Warehouse and Logistics facilities in Yadkinville, North Carolina. This change, which is expected to be completed by December 2005, will eliminate 19 positions and will relocate approximately 60 positions to Yadkinville.
United Parcel Service Inc. plans to further expand its intra-Asia hub operations in Clark, Pampanga to complement its growing business. Details on the planned expansion are not yet available, but he said the intra-Asia hub in Clark would be a major port for the 380 Airbus, which is bigger than the 757 and 767 jets landing at the hub currently.
3Com Corporation announced that the company is expanding its reach into the strategic Voice over IP (VoIP) market through the addition of Target Distributing, a true convergence technologies distributor, to its list of authorized U.S. distributors. Target Distributing extends 3Com's reach into the VoIP market through its extensive and deep relationships with value-added resellers.
Ciphergen Biosystems Inc. has laid off approximately 45 staffers, or around one-third of its workforce worldwide, as part of a broader restructuring aimed at saving costs. The job cuts trimmed Ciphergen's headcount to around 115 and included a reduction in certain severance packages, which were cut by as much as half in some cases. The steps affected the entire company, including sales, marketing, research and development, and customer service.
Eli Lilly & Co. announced that it is discontinuing production of Iletin 2 Pork Insulin (Regular and NPH formulations), and Humulin U Ultralente and Humulin L Lente (Humulin U and Humulin L) insulin products. Given current inventories and patient demand, these products should be available in pharmacies through the end of 2005.
Hyperion announced it has established a Center of Excellence for SAP(R) solutions, located at the PartnerPort of SAP's AG's global headquarters in Walldorf, Germany. Hyperion's new office provides dedicated resources that will work closely with SAP to deliver highly integrated solutions. This will help joint customers extend the value of Business Performance Management and BI across the enterprise while maximizing scalability and performance. Through its integration with SAP software, Hyperion provides customers with the industry's most comprehensive and easy-to-use reporting and analysis solutions. Hyperion's new Center of Excellence will be used as a product showcase for joint customers and a test center for Hyperion's software integrating with SAP solutions.
Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings announced that it will lay off about 250 employees nationwide. The company will cut roughly 1% of its 25,000-person workforce in an effort to control expenses and decrease overlapping positions.
McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurants Inc. reported financial results for its second quarter and six months ended June 25, 2005. Revenues in the second quarter of 2005 increased 14.5% to $68.4 million from $59.7 million in the second quarter of 2004. Net income in the second quarter of 2005 was $2.9 million, or $0.21 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $2.6 million, or $0.33 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2004. Revenues for the six months ended June 25, 2005 increased 12.7% to $128.8 million from $114.2 million in the same period a year ago. Net income for six months ended June 25, 2005 was $4.5 million or $0.46 diluted earnings per share, compared to a net loss of $3.6 million or $0.32 diluted loss per share in the prior year period. The Company expects third quarter 2005 revenues to be between $65.0 million and $66.0 million, and a comparable restaurant sales increase of approximately 2% to 3%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be between $0.12 and $0.13. For fiscal 2005, the Company is raising its guidance and expects revenues to be between $270.0 million and $273.0 million, compared to the Company's previous guidance of revenues between $265.0 million and $270.0 million. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be between $0.70 and $0.72, compared to the Company's previous guidance of diluted earnings per share between $0.65 and $0.68. The Company intends to open seven new restaurants in 2005.
An arm of General Electric Co. that provides financing to snowmobile, all terrain vehicle and boat dealers is closing, meaning that 145 jobs will be lost and 85 others will move out of state. GE Commercial Finance bought Bombardier Capital Inventory Finance Division on June 1 in a $2.3 billion deal. The division's Colchester headquarters would close within the next year. GE is consolidating the Colchester operation into other offices within the company.
Dell Inc. expects its second factory in China to be operational by next year, which will help double its PC output in the country. The factory, located in Xiamen, a city in East China's Fujian Province, is being built around an existing factory. The second factory will mainly supply products to the Chinese market and to other North Asian countries. That will help Dell further flex its muscle to better compete with China's Lenovo, Founder Technology and US computer maker Hewlett-Packard (HP).
Rock-Tenn Co. announced its decision to close its Waco, Texas, folding carton plant in the first quarter of fiscal 2006. The plant was acquired on June 6, 2005 as part of the purchase of the Gulf States paperboard and packaging businesses. Rock-Tenn will transfer the majority of the Waco facility's current production to other plants.
Pfizer's Lincoln plant plans restructuring, layoff of 300. A restructuring of the Pfizer plant operations will result in the loss of 300 jobs. The Lincoln plant, which employs about 800, will focus on the production of animal health vaccines and will be transferring its pharmaceutical production and packaging operations to other plants over the next few years, Pfizer said in a release. Employees losing their jobs in Lincoln will be able to apply for openings within the company but not all will be able to transfer.
In another economic blow to a south-central Kansas community that has lost thousands of jobs in recent years, about 200 employees at the Winfield plant of Newell Rubbermaid Inc. are being laid off. The plant, which has employed between 550 and 600 employees, was shut down.
Iron Mountain has opened a data backup warehouse in Toluca. The warehouse includes extensive security measures as part of its off-site data protection (OSDP) program that meets new security standards.
After reporting an 18% decline in third-quarter earnings, Central Parking Corp. (CPC) said it would divest itself of operations in up to 15 U.S. cities and up to eight foreign countries in an effort to improve profitability. Central Parking said it will focus its expected U.S. divestitures on small to medium-sized cities that the company believes have "limited growth potential." Internationally, operation sales will be focused in countries in which the company has a small presence and significant barriers to growth.
Convergys Corp. cut about 15 staff from its Dartmouth operations. The Dartmouth operation employs about 1,500 people in various customer service and call-centre duties.
Black Box Corp. announced the launch of the Black Box Resale Services business, focused on the acquisition, refurbishment and redistribution of refurbished voice and data communications equipment. As part of the Norstan Inc. acquisition completed on January 25, 2005, Black Box acquired two resale businesses: Norstan Resale Services Group and Vibes Technologies Inc. Both companies offer value-minded customers high-quality remanufactured communications products at a discounted price. By combining these two industry-leading resale organizations under one name, Black Box Resale Services, the company has become one of the industry's leaders in refurbished communications equipment in size, quality and service. The combined product offerings created in this merger cover over 75% of the communications equipment market and are used by virtually every Fortune 500 company.
Staples Inc. announced its national expansion of Easy Mobile Tech (EMT) service, a team of A+ certified technology experts trained to cure common IT ailments afflicting small business and home users. Staples EMTs are an easy solution to take the pain out of common technical frustrations, whether it's installing new equipment, protecting existing technology or repairing systems gone awry. Responsive and efficient, the EMT service is an on- call technology help service that makes house calls to save customers time and frustration. EMT service is also available in Staples stores across the country.
Yahoo Inc. announced that its online search engine index now spans more than 20 billion Web documents and images. Yahoo's expansion doesn't necessarily mean it produces more useful results, which has long been considered the Internet's most comprehensive database. But the breakthrough gives the Sunnyvale-based company the bragging rights to a widely watched measurement for assessing the power of an Internet search engine. Yahoo said its index, boosted by a recent upgrade, covers 20.8 billion online objects, comprised of about 19.2 billion documents and 1.6 billion images.
Ford Motor Co. hurt by flat sales and high costs, is consolidating its Ford and Lincoln Mercury marketing divisions and shedding sales jobs. The company is reducing the number of regions covered by its field offices from 17 to 11 as part of the plan. The regional offices sell vehicles to Ford's 4,000 U.S. dealerships and handle local marketing. Regional customer service offices also will be cut. Ford is closing regional offices in Boston, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Minneapolis-St. Paul and Seattle, but will keep some staff in those cities.
Air Products & Chemicals Inc. announced plans to increase manufacturing capacity for its proprietary equipment to produce liquefied natural gas (LNG) at its Wilkes-Barre, Pa. facility. A vast majority of the current worldwide baseload LNG production capacity is produced with Air Products' technology. The LNG manufacturing expansion consists of increasing the existing fabrication area by approximately 30%, installing additional anufacturing equipment, and hiring a significant number of highly-skilled, full-time employees.
Analogic Corp. announced the formation of ANEXA Financial Services Inc., a subsidiary created specifically to provide flexible financing options to customers who wish to purchase digital imaging equipment from ANEXA Corporation. Established to address the growing demand for ANEXA's integrated imaging solutions, the new subsidiary will enable ANEXA to offer competitive financial solutions to customers who want to take advantage of its leading technology.
Marriott International Inc. announced that the Courtyard by Marriott Silver Spring Downtown has officially opened its doors to guests. Located at 8506 Fenton Street, the 179-room property is the first hotel in 30 years to be built in downtown Silver Spring and is an integral part of the city's downtown redevelopment project. It is owned and operated by Silver Spring Hotel Associates, LLC. Built on the site of the former Silver Spring Armory, the hotel is the most recent addition to Montgomery County's $1.5 billion redevelopment of downtown Silver Spring. The 21-acre mixed-use development features 250 residential units, 260,000 square feet of office space, 50,000 square feet of retail space, entertainment venues and restaurants. This world-class facility is located on the lower two levels of the hotel and features a 23,880-square-foot fitness center with state-of- the art equipment and an Olympic-sized lap pool.
Novell announced the creation of the openSUSE project, a new initiative sponsored by Novell aimed at promoting the adoption of Linux worldwide. The project also opens the development process for SUSE Linux by giving developers in the open source community access to the review, testing and development of the SUSE Linux distribution. Community participation begins this week, with the first beta release of SUSE Linux 10.0. As a result, developers around the world will be able to contribute to future versions. Novell hopes that its new openSUSE project will make the process of obtaining a working Linux environment easy for both end users and developers. The openSUSE project appears to be targeted at removing both of these impediments to Linux adoption.
Federal regulators have launched an informal inquiry into an Eastman Kodak Co. financial restatement that trimmed the photography company's profits by $105 million to fix accounting errors mainly in taxes and pensions over the last two years. Kodak, which is undergoing a dramatic overhaul as the digital-imaging revolution sidelines chemical-based film, said the Securities and Exchange Commission indicated the inquiry should not be construed as a sign that any legal violations have occurred.The company is shutting film and other manufacturing operations around the world and eliminating 22,000 to 25,000 jobs by mid 2007. That will likely lower its global work force to less than 50,000, down from 75,100 in 2001 and a peak of 145,300 in 1988.
According to sources, New York financier Carl Icahn plans to lead an investor group that intends to push media giant Time Warner Inc. into selling a big chunk of its cable-TV company and possibly spinning off its publishing operations. Mr. Icahn also wants Time Warner to initiate a bigger stock buyback than the $5 billion plan it announced last week. Time Warner already plans to sell a small stake in the cable operation, but spinning off its publishing unit, which includes magazines such as Time, People and Sports Illustrated, would be a wrenching decision. The financier has teamed up with a couple of other big shareholders which, between them, hold less than 5% of Time Warner's stock. The identity of Mr. Icahn's partners isn't clear, but they're expected to be hedge-fund investors. 
Peabody Energy announced that its Prairie State Energy Campus has achieved another major development milestone with receipt of its final mine permit from the Illinois Department of Natural Resources. The Lively Grove Mine is being developed to annually produce about 6 million tons of coal for the planned $2 billion-plus Prairie State Energy Campus. The mine-mouth model enables Prairie State to collapse the fuel transportation supply chain and drive down energy costs. Prairie State will be among the cleanest coal plants in America, and is a project that enjoys strong local support. More than 80% of Southern Illinois residents support project development thanks to the project's ability to generate clean, low-cost energy, create more than 450 permanent jobs and create nearly $100 million in annual economic benefits for the regional economy.
Riviana Foods Inc. announced that as part of an effort to achieve cost savings that will allow it to increase competitiveness in challenging marketplace, the Company will eliminate approximately 130 jobs, or 12% of its U.S. workforce of 1,075. The reduction will affect operations in Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas and Tennessee. The workforce reduction begins immediately and is expected to be completed by yearend. Affected employees will be offered either a severance program or an early retirement program.
The board of directors of Compass Minerals International Inc. has approved plans to expand the company's magnesium chloride production facility in Ogden, Utah, and to install a new mill at the company's Goderich, Ontario, rock salt mine. The plans call for Compass to increase its capital investments by $5 million in 2005 and $14 million in 2006. Compass will invest $12 million over the next two years to expand its magnesium chloride evaporation ponds at the Great Salt Lake, upgrade its production facility and add rail infrastructure. The investment is expected to increase the company's capacity to produce liquid magnesium chloride by 70% and to double its capacity to produce crystallized magnesium chloride by midyear 2006.
Arctic Cat Inc. announced that the company will build a new ATV engine manufacturing facility in St. Cloud, Minn., in order to meet growing demand for its products. The company plans to build a 56,000-square-foot manufacturing facility, which could be expanded in the future to 200,000-square feet. Initially, the site will house Arctic Cat's growing Engine Manufacturing Division and be used to assemble the company's ATV engines. The plant will be located on a 15-acre site, near an additional 40-acre vehicle test track. Construction is slated to begin in 2006 and be completed around year-end, with the plant operational by 2007. The initial investment in the new facility and equipment is anticipated to cost approximately $8 million.
Ford Motor Co. has resorted to firing white-collar employees and immediately escorting them from corporate buildings. The job cuts are thought to be in response to the company's failure to reach the target of 2,750 white-collar job cuts through voluntary means.
Phillip Morris expected to locate new service centre in Cracow. Phillip Morris is planning to set up an accounting centre that will create 450 jobs.
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn on Monday August 15 demanded Time Warner Inc. separate its cable business and buy back at least $20 billion worth of its stock to boost shareholder value. While Icahn said that management has done "a commendable job managing each of their various businesses," he criticized it for not making moves to boost shares. Icahn has organized a group of shareholders whose stock and options represent 2.6 percent of shares.
Shares in media company Dow Jones & Co. rose 15 percent on Monday August 15 following a report that members of its controlling shareholder family were pressing for a sale of the Wall Street Journal publisher. The New York Post, in an unsourced report, said that younger members of the Bancroft family, which controls Dow Jones, are pushing for a sale of the company in the belief a deal would more than double the value of their shares.
Movie Gallery Inc. announced that it had closed 50 unprofitable Game Crazy stores and is now beginning to rebrand its 23 Game Zone stores under the Game Crazy brand. The moves came in the integration of Hollywood Entertainment/Game Crazy, which Movie Gallery bought early this year.
Agilent Technologies Inc. announced that it will sell off some of its parts and return to its roots as the test-and-measurement business. The company agreed to sell its semiconductor chip division to an investor group for $2.66 billion and take a series of other actions -- including laying off 1,300 of its 28,000 employees -- as part of a restructuring aimed at transforming the conglomerate into a more focused company.Agilent is also selling its stake in Lumileds Lighting, which makes light-emitting diodes aimed at replacing light bulbs, to its partner Philips Electronics for $950 million plus repayment of $50 million in debt held by Lumileds. And it plans to spin off its chip-testing equipment business in 2006 as a separate company.
Disneyland Resort launches its final rehearsals and opens its Inspiration Lake in the run-up to the theme park's opening on September 12. All facilities, including shops, amusement rides and hotels will be in full operation. Street parades, song-and-dance shows, including the Lion King Festival, and fireworks displays will also be staged.
Estee Lauder Companies Inc. has said that it is evaluating the company's portfolio of more than 20 brands and may divest the ones that fail to meet strategic and financial goals.
Leggett & Platt Inc. announced that it plans to hire 35 employees for its furniture-manufacturing plant in the Davidson County community of Linwood. The manufacturer, based in Carthage, Mo., said it has added 65 employees as part of an expansion related to a restructuring plan. The company said it is taking applications at the N.C. Employment Security Commission office in Lexington. The plant's production has increased about 33% in recent months, which has led to adding a second shift in some departments.
Northrop Grumman Corp. is cutting 400 jobs from its New Orleans-area shipyard, along with another 500 jobs from other yards in Louisiana and Mississippi by the end of the year. The layoffs at the Bridge City yard will cut about 6% of the shipyard's 6,900-member work force. The layoffs are the latest in a cutback program announced in January that is expected to eliminate 2,500 workers, or 13% of the combined shipyards' 20,000 workers.
Ford Motor Co. announced that a new $16 million safety-testing facility has been created at its Dearborn headquarters that will help get vehicles on the road between eight to 10 months faster than has traditionally been the case. The lab is part of a broader, $65-million scheme to trim expenses and become leaner and more adaptable. Ford currently takes around 28 months to get a vehicle from concept design to market once the concepts engineering is finalised.
Forty jobs at a General Electric Co. plant here will be cut next week. The jobs will be cut from a total work force of 200 at the plant that makes small quartz tubing for semiconductors and lamps. GE said the semiconductor market is shrinking and customers are shifting toward larger-diameter tubing. Another key factor in the cuts was that the plant in northeast Ohio doesn't have the equipment to make the bigger tubes.
Cabela's Inc. will open its newest destination retail store in Rogers, Minn., on Friday, October 14, 2005. The 185,000-square-foot store in Rogers is being built on approximately 40 acres of a 55-acre site about 10 miles northwest of Minneapolis near the intersection of Interstate 94 and Minnesota Highway 101.
According to sources, bidders for the European business of Collins & Aikman Corp., a U.S. auto-parts maker that became insolvent in May, have until September 7 to submit offers. The administrator has drawn up a list of fewer than 10 bidders, two thirds of which are U.S. and European companies from the same industry.
Sonoco Products Co. announced that it will close its tube and core plant in Canandaigua, New York, as part of its previously announced plans to reduce its overall cost structure. The plant closing will be phased over the next year. The Canandaigua operations, located at 105 North Street, will be consolidated into other facilities in the immediate area. The plant employs approximately 40 personnel and primarily manufactures tubes and cores for the film and converting industries. Sonoco has operated the plant since 1968.
Tower Automotive Inc. has announced a layoff of 154 workers that could spell the end for the company's north side Milwaukee factory. The company said that 154 employees will be indefinitely laid off in October. Those workers are all that remain from about 3,500 who worked at the sprawling complex shortly after Tower bought the auto-parts business of Milwaukee-based A.O. Smith Corp. eight years ago.
Sara Lee Corp. announced that it will close its Milwaukee wholesale bakery, a cost-cutting move that will eliminate 105 jobs. Sara Lee will stop production at the bakery, 918 W. Somers St., on Sept. 16, and transfer its bread and bun production to other company bakeries in the upper Midwest. The closing will not affect local sales and distribution operations, with about 35 employees. Those workers will deliver products, mainly from Sara Lee's Madison bakery, to local supermarkets.
Ford Motor Co. has nearly doubled its annual production capacity to 50,000 units and is aiming to launch a new premium model by the year-end.
Microsoft Corp. has set up an open source and Linux lab to improve the way its software works with open source applications. The lab is using 300 desktop and server systems that run a series of operating systems, ranging from Unix to the recently launched Windows Vista beta 1, for interoperability between Linux and Windows.
UPS Inc. has ordered eight new freighters from Boeing Co. to support international growth. Terms of the deal for the Boeing 747-400 freighters, which will be delivered in 2007 and 2008, were not disclosed. The new freighters will help it increase capacity on routes connecting Asia, Europe and North America.
Dendrite International Inc. will close its Bethlehem Township facility and lay off about 25 workers in October. Dendrite of Morristown, N.J., expects to close the facility by Oct. 28, 2005. The company makes computer software for the pharmaceutical industry. The Bethlehem Township facility, which opened in 2001, provides inventory management, repair/replacement processing and configuration management for a variety of personal computers and hand-held computing devices used by pharmaceutical salespeople and others. The company moved employees to the Emrick Boulevard plant from an East Stroudsburg facility it had closed.
Home Depot Inc. spent $3.5 million on a 14-acre property in Lilburn, where it plans to build a new home improvement store. The Atlanta-based chain plans a Home Depot and garden center with up to 140,000 square feet at U.S. 29 and Luxomni Road. Preliminary development plans were filed in Gwinnett County, and the store will open early next year.
Modine Manufacturing Co. will close the Bensalem, Pa., plant that makes Airedale-branded air conditioners, cutting 60 jobs. The Bensalem factory makes air conditioners for schools, offices and other commercial spaces. Over the next six months, production will move to factories in Virginia and Rhode Island. It has about 8,200 employees.
Armstrong World Industries Inc. to expand its former commercial tile plant near Dillerville Road and Manheim Pike. Lancaster Planning Commission unanimously approved Armstrongs final plan to proceed with construction that will add about 37,000 square feet to the plant. The facility, which manufactured commercial tiling until December 2004, will become a warehouse and distribution center for Armstrongs residential and commercial sheet flooring. The company is moving equipment there from its commercial and residential sheet-flooring distribution facility off Route 283 in West Hempfield Township. About 250 employees will work at the newly created distribution center when work is transferred from the Route 283 facility in January.
Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. announced that the company has received approval from the FDA for the production of AVINZA(R) (morphine sulfate extended-release capsules) at the Cardinal Health facility located in Winchester, Kentucky. Ligand and Cardinal Health also have a productive, long-standing relationship for the finished-product production of Targretin(R) soft-gel capsules. AVINZA(R) is currently being manufactured for Ligand by Elan Corporation plc in its Gainesville, Georgia facilities. Under the terms of an agreement announced in 2004, manufacturing of AVINZA will commence for a five-year term. Ligand has an option to extend for an additional two-year period. Financial terms of the contract were not disclosed.
Renaissance Hotels & Resorts announced the opening of the Renaissance Ross Bridge Golf Resort & Spa. The resort is the first Renaissance resort in Alabama and is situated at 4000 Grand Avenue, nestled along the Robert Trent Jones Golf Trail in Birmingham. The 259-room upscale resort is owned and operated by PCH Hotels and Resorts, the hotel management division affiliated with the Retirement Systems of Alabama (RSA).
Maytag Corp. announced that it will lay off 200 workers at its flagship laundry plant in September, reducing the work force to its lowest levels in nearly 60 years. The layoffs, effective September 6, 2005 will leave the plant with about 1,000 production workers. The plant hasn't seen employment levels that low since the late 1940s, said Dwain Van Roekel, a retired payroll manager.
Harman International Industries Inc. will open a new factory in Washington, Mo., by year-end to make components for the company's mobile infotainment systems, officials told analysts in an earnings conference call. The 90,000-sq.-ft. plant, to employ 200 within 3 years, will make systems for a range of Chrysler vehicles, part of a $550 million design win, revenue from which is expected to start with the arrival of the 2007 model year. New systems for 3 Harley-Davidson touring motorcycles are expected to ship with 2006 models this fall.
Sun Microsystems Inc. announced it has opened an office to coordinate open source projects. The Open Source Office will integrate all Sun's open source development projects.
Computer Associates International Inc. announced the job cuts, the second round of firings in less than a year, represent 5% of workers and come after the company said bookings fell 30%, to $415 million, in the first quarter.Computer Associates restated $2.2 billion in sales for 2000 through 2004 after it found accounting mistakes and in September agreed to pay $225 million in restitution to shareholders to settle a federal investigation.
Tenet Healthcare announced that it will erect a $130 million, 100-bed hospital in El Paso, Texas, expanding its local network to four hospitals. The area's fast growing population appeals to the troubled chain, which plans to open the new hospital in late 2007.
HJ Heinz Co. has said that it plans to divest its HAK vegetable line. Heinz is losing market share to Nestle SA, Unilever NV and exclusive-label brands in Europe, where operating income fell 16 percent.
William Wrigley Jr. Co. is growing its Chattanooga confectionery plant with plans to about double its full-time work force. The Chicago-based manufacturer is expected to announced that it will hire 100 to 150 workers to boost production here. The 161,000-square-foot plant, which has 140 full-time workers, already makes Creme Savers and Gummi Savers. It also has been tapped to produce Altoids mints for the company. The company plans to construct a $16 million customer service center off Lee Highway that will employ nearly 800 people.
UBICS Inc. announced the launch of its new Strategic Services Division. This new division offers turnkey solutions in technology and back-office process management for the North American and European markets. Another major engagement for UBICS has been with a prominent publishing and media company to provide business process analysis, IT consulting and onsite/offshore project services. UBICS’ability to offer right talent in all aspects of an IT initiative and its global delivery capability has been the key to this relationship. UBICS recently hired Mr. Amiya Mandal, an industry veteran in the integrated IT services arena, to lead the new division as the Vice President of Strategic Services. With over 15 years of experience in sales, delivery and management in companies like Tata Consultancy Services, iGATE and CIBER, Mr. Mandal has led multi-million dollar, multi-year strategic services engagements that employ a mix of onsite, offsite and offshore models for Fortune 1000 clients.
Pharmion Corp. has moved its area operations to new quarters amid an ongoing expansion. The Boulder, Colo.-based company specializes in developing cancer drugs, particularly for cancers of the blood. Its Vidaza drug, approved by the government last year, is used to treat Myelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS), a group of bone marrow disorders that can lead to leukemia. Pharmion's Overland Park operations include drug development, manufacturing, marketing and business development. The company's employment here has grown from 18 to about 45 in five years. The company has about 300 employees worldwide. Many of its Overland Park and Boulder employees worked for Marion and successor companies.
Gap Inc. announced the debut of Forth & Towne, the company's new women's apparel retail concept. Forth & Towne opens on August 24, in the Palisades Center Mall in West Nyack, New York, and will open four stores in the Chicago area on August 31. Forth & Towne offers customers smart, fashionable clothing designed under four unique brands tailored to a range of lifestyles. The brands, Allegory, Vocabulary, Prize and Gap Edition, will offer distinct styles for casual, business or dress-up needs within one intimate space.
HJ Heinz Co. has said that it is reviewing a possible sale of its non-core poultry business in New Zealand. The company added that the changes in Europe will include the possible divestiture of non-core businesses such as the European seafood and frozen businesses, plus several other small non-core European businesses.
Graphic Packaging Corp. plans to eliminate 78 jobs at its West Monroe carton plant in October, 2005. Those layoffs follow 28 previous job cuts made during the past five weeks. The layoffs come as the labor contract between Local 654 and Graphic Packaging is set to expire on Aug. 31, 2005.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. intends to expand dramatically in Las Vegas, bringing its hip and urban W brand to one of the most competitive and coveted markets in the leisure industry. Starwood is joining with Edge Resorts, a group of private investors, in a $1.7 billion project that will involve a mix of approximately 3,000 hotel and residential units and a 75,000-square-foot casino, along with 300,000 square feet of meeting space and additional shops. It's slated to open 2008.
Ford Motor Co. announces a new restructuring plan to return its key North American vehicle operations to profitability. The manufacturer has said it is working on more restructuring actions to halt steep losses in its North American business. The company's Volvo Cars division plans to lay off up to 1,500 workers, or 5% of its global work force this year, part of an effort to cut costs by more than $130 million.
General Motors Corporation announced to invest $30 million in upgrades to its Wentzville General Assembly Plant follows the company's plan to improve the performance of its North American division. The GM's recovery plan for its North American division includes speeding up high-volume, high-profit programs, which include the company's Express and Savannah van lines manufactured at the Wentzville plant.
A Best Buy Co. Inc. store will open on East Pratt Street in November, a sign that downtown Baltimore is becoming a destination for national retailers hoping to capitalize on the city center's growing population. The Minneapolis-based electronics chain has joined the ranks of Office Depot Inc. stores at 100 N. Charles St. and at Pratt and President streets. A Super Fresh supermarket is expected to open on the corner of Saratoga and North Charles streets, the first trickles in what downtown development officials hope will be a flood of new retail investment. 
Timken Co. will start cutting 190 local jobs in October and is exploring options for its expansive North End property and the remaining employees there. Last month, the company announced it would cut up to 500 jobs over two years from its automotive group, which operates 23 plants worldwide, due to the auto industry's continued downturn.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is scheduled to open a Supercenter after six months of construction along Airline Highway. Open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, the store also will offer customers an oil-and-tire change facility, a gas station, a vision center and a branch of Teche Federal Bank.
W Hotels Worldwide, in partnership with Edge Resorts, will open its first hotel and residences in Las Vegas, NV, the W Las Vegas Hotel, Casino and Residences. The W Las Vegas is scheduled to open in 2008 and will be located at the intersection of Harmon Avenue and Koval Lane, in the heart of Las Vegas's most exciting development corridor, 500 meters east of the famed Las Vegas Strip.
W Hotels Worldwide, in partnership with Edge Resorts, will open its first hotel and residences in Las Vegas, NV, the W Las Vegas Hotel, Casino and Residences. The W Las Vegas is scheduled to open in 2008 and will be located at the intersection of Harmon Avenue and Koval Lane, in the heart of Las Vegas's most exciting development corridor, 500 meters east of the famed Las Vegas Strip.
Honeywell announced that the company's aerospace facility on U.S. 19 in Clearwater laid off 36 employees as part of an ongoing effort to streamline the diversified technology and defense company. The company in Clearwater has cut 46 workers this month. About 1,850 work at the facility. 
General Motors Corporation's Doraville Plant expects an unspecified number of layoffs due to an assembly line slowdown beginning next month on four models of minivans. In addition to layoffs, reduction in staff will also be achieved by attrition, including retirements.
General Motors Corporation announced that it has signed a $26 million agreement with the Swedish government to open a new research and development office in Trollhattan, Sweden. The office will expand GM's technical work portfolio in the areas of vehicle safety, emissions and advanced manufacturing. The agreement runs through at least 2008.
Kelly Services Inc. has opened a new office to offer job placement services for non-executive temporary and permanent staff to companies in Thailand. The new service, introduced officially last week under the Kelly Services brand, allows the company to provide a comprehensive range of staffing from the executive level down to shop-floor workers in all types of employment whether it is temporary, permanent or contracted.
Lear Corp. plans to close a plant in Marshall, eliminating about 130 jobs. Lear had 650 workers in Marshall in 2003 before laying off 120 people, the start of a steady decline in plant employment.
Williams-Sonoma Inc. opens new store. West Elm, the lower-price furniture chain owned by Williams-Sonoma, is coming to the Washington area. On October 1, the purveyor of contemporary home furnishings geared to shoppers in their 20s and 30s will open in the new expansion at Tysons Corner Center. This time next year, the chain also will open in the former Woodward and Lothrop building on 10th and F streets NW.
Wild Oats Markets Inc. announced the opening of its second Wild Oats branded store-within-a-store boutique with leading northeastern food retailer Stop & Shop. The 1,400 square-foot Wild Oats boutique opens and is located inside the brand new Stop & Shop at 760 Villa Ave. in Fairfield. This is the second of five planned test stores with Stop & Shop that Wild Oats will open in Connecticut and Massachusetts. Wild Oats opened its first store-within-a-store boutique with Stop & Shop on May 28, 2005 in Plymouth, Mass. The new Wild Oats boutique is a state-of-the-art holistic health center where customers can find a full line of the highest quality nutritional vitamins and supplements, homeopathic remedies, luxurious natural and organic body care products, as well as a wealth of detailed information about health and wellness. Staffed with knowledgeable Wild Oats holistic health associates, and complete with information kiosks and educational health brochures, the Wild Oats boutique serves as a resource to meet customers' natural health needs.
Six Flags Inc. has announced that the company's Board of Directors has unanimously determined to seek proposals from third parties regarding a possible sale of the company. The process initiated by the Board is designed to result in the receipt of full and fair value by all Six Flags stockholders for all of their shares. Six Flags intends to pursue a prompt and orderly auction process, and will invite Red Zone LLC, the investment vehicle managed and controlled by Mr. Daniel Snyder, to participate in the process, should Mr. Snyder have a serious interest in pursuing an acquisition of the entire company. The Board of Directors has also unanimously determined to oppose Red Zone's attempt to gain effective control of the company through its previously announced intention to initiate a consent solicitation and partial tender offer for Six Flags stock, if and when that consent solicitation and offer are commenced. Lehman Brothers and Allen & Company LLC are serving as financial advisors to Six Flags, Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP is serving as legal advisor to Six Flags and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP is serving as legal advisor to Six Flags' independent directors. 
Eastman Kodak said it would cut about 900 jobs as the result of shuttering some facilities and expects to take charges worth $153 million. About half the job cuts will take place in Rochester, N.Y., where Kodak is based.
Walgreens announced that a 13,650-square-foot store could open at State Road 436 and Wymore Road in Altamonte Springs, near Interstate 4, by next summer. The store is the only new Walgreens coming into Seminole County/. There will be 25 to 30 employees.
Smithfield Foods Inc. announced plans to lay off about 570 workers and shut down hog slaughtering at its Smithfield South plant. Smithfield said in a statement that it hopes to rehire all 570 of the employees that are being let go during the next nine months either at the Smithfield South plant, which will continue to process pork products, or at one of its three other Virginia operations.
Eastman Kodak Co. plans to close its Middleway, WV, printing plate manufacturing plant by the end of first quarter 2006. The plant was part of Kodak's Creo Inc. acquisition, earlier this year. Kodak cites product rationalization among the reasons for the plant closing, following the company's recent acquisitions in the graphic communications market. Kodak will discontinue the primary products manufactured at the plant, MIRUS and FORTIS thermal plates, ETERNUS conventional plates and all associated chemistry. These products will not be available after production and inventory are depleted. The company plans to honor all existing customer contracts and does not anticipate any interruption in supply to customers. The plant closing will impact approximately 108 employees.
Staples Inc. announced the opening of its first store in Mira Loma. The store, located at 7400 Brook Park Road, will host a grand opening celebration on Saturday, Sept. 10, with product demonstrations, prizes and special savings on many of its already low-priced products throughout the day.
General Motors Corporation workers in Doraville began receiving layoff notices Friday, a consequence of languid sales of the four minivan models assembled at the plant. The 155 layoffs take effect Sept. 6, when production of the Chevrolet Uplander, Pontiac Montana SV6, Saturn Relay and Buick Terraza will be scaled back from 60 to 54 each hour. The reduction will drop the Doraville work force to about 2,950. GM spokeswoman Pam Reese said additional trims via early retirement might follow.
Unifi Inc. announced that it is taking a number of actions to improve the efficiency of its Nylon business unit, located in Rockingham County, North Carolina. The Company will close Plant one in Mayodan, North Carolina and move its operations and offices to Plant three in nearby Madison, North Carolina, which is the Nylon division's largest facility with over one million square feet of production space. The Company expects that fewer than thirty current positions will be eliminated due to this move and that the majority of employees will be transferred from Plant one to Plant three. This move allows Unifi to centralize production between these two sites and increase the overall efficiency of the Nylon business unit operations. The move is expected to begin in September, with the majority of the process being completed by December 2005. The remainder of the process will be completed by March 2006.
Microsoft Corp. wants to find a large space to create a showroom and information center for its products similar to Apple Computer Inc.'s 110 stores in Times Square, New York.
United Rentals Inc. opened branches in Chester, Pa., and Weldon Springs, Mo., last week. The Chester branch will specialize in pump, power and HVAC equipment rental. The branch will specialize in temporary power generation, pumps, fluid handling, electrical testing and climate control for commercial and industrial use. The Weldon branch will concentrate on serving customers throughout the St. Louis metropolitan area.
Ford Motor Co. plans to fire 400 U.S. salaried employees by the end of this year as part of a restructuring plan. It is the first time in 30 years that Ford has forced out so many white-collar workers. Ford has said it wants to reduce its North American salaried work force by 2,750 jobs by the end of this year, but Tuesday was the first time the company has confirmed that 400 of those employees will be fired. Some of those dismissals already have occurred. The company has been trying to reduce its work force through buyouts and voluntary separations, but only 1,000 people had left the company by the end of July. Ford has 35,000 salaried workers in North America.
Build-A-Bear Workshop announced that it is opening a new store, friends 2B made®, which is based on the doll-making experience, at Saint Louis Galleria on Thursday, September 1. The company is opening the fifth friends 2B made store in the country and to offer Guests in the St. Louis area two unique interactive entertainment experiences right next door to one another. friends 2B made is the newest concept launch from Build-A-Bear Workshop, the entertainment mall-based retail leader.
Varian Medical Systems Inc. announced that its existing plant at 1678 S. Pioneer Road, expands with cost of $10 million. The expansion progrmme will be completed and operational by December 2006. The company will employ 100 to 250 new jobs over five years, added to the existing 462.
Zale Corp. announced to buyback of up to $100 million worth of its common stock. The company plans to open 65 stores and 40 kiosks during the year.
Verizon Communications launches its new cable TV service, in addition to dozens of channels of standard fare it will offer a channel programmed by the U.S. Defense Department and another focusing on martial arts. The idea is to provide a twist to the channel lineup as Verizon seeks to draw subscribers away from incumbent cable and satellite television providers when it starts rolling out later this year in some areas. The channels don't add much to the cost of launching Verizon's cable TV service, called FiOS TV. They charge cable operators little or nothing as they struggle to gain distribution and exposure. Some of the channels see the deals announced yesterday as crucial as Verizon and another telephone company, SBC Communications, prepare to roll out cable TV service.
Haemonetics Corp. announced that effective immediately, the company will sell its OrthoPAT surgical blood salvage system through its direct sales force in the U.S. Direct sales of the OrthoPAT system will allow Haemonetics to better control product positioning and the sales process and to invest in marketing initiatives that will support continued OrthoPAT revenue growth.
According to sources, Dial Corp. is looking to divest itself of its food manufacturing business and its only food plant is in Fort Madison. The southeast Iowa Dial plant, which makes products such as Vienna sausages, Lunch Bucket microwave meals, chili, hash and dried beef, has been in operation since 1972 and employs about 480. Sources add that the Dial management announced to its employees that the company had contracted with Goldman Sachs to act as a financial adviser "to help and explore strategic options of the food business." 
Avon Products Inc. plans to boost spending and add new products and sales incentives to increase profit. Jung, 46, reported the revenue growth should be in the high single digits and earnings at more than $2 a share this year compared with $1.77 in 2004. The company plans to boost ad spending 50% in the second half this year and advertising for the year will be 10% more than the $138 million last year. The company also plans to spend $200 million in the next three years on technology to improve its global supply chain.
Chiron Corp. announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has communicated the results of the FDA's July 2005 GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices) inspection of Chiron's Liverpool facility, which manufactures FLUVIRIN(R) influenza virus vaccine. The FDA found Chiron's responses and proposed corrective actions to the FDA inspection observations, which the FDA issued on a Form 483 at the close of the nine-day inspection of the Liverpool facility, to be generally acceptable. This outcome, coupled with the conclusion by the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in March 2005 that Chiron could conduct operations in accordance with GMP, means that Chiron may proceed with its efforts to return FLUVIRIN vaccine to the U.S. market for the 2005-2006 influenza season. Production of FLUVIRIN vaccine, which is currently underway, continues.
Multi-Color Corp. significantly upgraded its shrink sleeve label production capabilities with the addition of a seamer and two inspector / rewinders from Stanford Products. This purchase is part of Multi-Color's continued investment in the rapidly growing shrink sleeve market. Multi-Color's new seamer is designed to eliminate the problem of open seams that are the major cause of label applicator downtime. This new system provides precise solvent application control that is matched with machine speed ensuring consistent metering of solvent. The seamer is the fastest available on the marke, providing the capacity to handle increasing shrink sleeve production at economical prices to Multi-Color's customer base.
Comcast Corp. unveiled its digital FM radio service and station lineup following months of public outcry after the cable provider cut its original FM radio service in February. The new service will feature 30 Bay Area FM radio stations that will each be separate cable channels. It will be available free to Comcast's digital cable subscribers, while basic cable subscribers will have to pay $5 a month to receive the service through a digital converter box. The service will be available Sept. 28 throughout the Bay Area and to all of its 62,000 cable subscribers in Marin. The station lineup includes public radio stations KQED and KRCB, Berkeley-based station KPFA and jazz station KCSM.
Terra Industries Inc. announced that it has ceased ammonia production at its Yazoo City, Miss., nitrogen products manufacturing facility due to its natural gas supplier's declaration of force majeure. Terra will restart Yazoo City production when natural gas supplies are restored. The Yazoo City facility is undamaged and all of Terra's other manufacturing facilities remain in operation. The Yazoo City facility has the capacity to produce annually 500,000 tons of ammonia, most of which is upgraded into ammonium nitrate (AN) and urea ammonium nitrate solutions (UAN).
In its first significant expansion beyond the Internet, Google has bought advertising in a handful of technology-industry magazines and resold chunks of the space to merchants already participating in its booming Internet marketing network. The company confirmed the test, but provided few other details in a statement. Despite all its technological prowess, Google remains highly dependent on online advertising. Internet ads, mostly text-based links that appear alongside search results and other related Web content, accounted for virtually all of Google's $712 million profit through the first half of this year.
IAC/InterActiveCorp announced that it plans to enter the real estate brokerage business next year to expand beyond offering property and mortgage listings on websites. The New York-based company's RealEstate.com business will open brokerage offices in the Pacific Northwest in the first half of 2006. The company has yet to decide how much to invest, whether to buy related businesses and if it will expand the service nationally.
A 47-year run of auto manufacturing at Ford's Lorain Assembly Plant will end in December when the last of the Lorain-built Econoline vans is completed.
Centennial Communications Corp. plans to invest $160 million this year to expand its network in the US and the Caribbean. The plan is to increase capacity by installing extra cells and to build an additional fiber optic ring. There will be 60 additional cells, 45% of which will be located in the metropolitan region of San Juan, Puerto Rico, and the number of hotspots will grow to 180 from 60 by year-end.
Cytec Industries Inc. announced that its building block chemicals plant in Fortier, La., outside of New Orleans, is shut down. The plant has been damaged by high winds, but didn't experience flooding. The chemicals maker declared force majeure on supply obligations for acrylonitrile, aminonitrile and sulfuric acid manufactured at the site. It also isn't yet able to determine when the plant will resume full operations.
Playboy Enterprises Inc. is popping the iconic bunny logo on everything from lipstick to jeans to lingerie as it looks to its legendary brand to boost business. The success of two Playboy boutique stores, one in Tokyo opened in 2002 and a Las Vegas store opened in May, has encouraged the company to plan a small upscale retail chain. Playboy plans to open three stores annually over the next three years.
McAfee Inc. is expanding its managed security services offerings to include a line of new carrier-grade security products and services and a new network access control product for enterprises. The company this week will announce a program it is calling McAfee Clean Pipes. The initiative will provide McAfee technology to service providers to help them offer data and infrastructure security services to customers.
Build-A-Bear Workshop brings a new taste to their entertainment retail vision with the launch of a premiere food experience at their recently opened flagship store in the heart of New York City. Partnering with award winning Levy Restaurants to open the Eat with Your Bear Hands Cafe within the new 21,500 square foot retail destination, Guests from 3 to 103 will now see and taste the difference for lunch, dinner and birthday party celebrations, Build-A-Bear Workshop style. The restaurant grand opening is on September 16.
Harte-Hanks Inc. announced the launch of six additional U.S. and European service centers offering a broad range of e-mail marketing services tailored for retail, technology, pharmaceutical, financial and other vertical markets. Each center has a dedicated staff of e-mail specialists with expertise in vertical direct marketing solutions capable of managing e-mail marketing programs for clients using Harte-Hanks Postfuture(R) Enterprise Edition e-marketing suite. Each E-mail Service Center is located within existing Harte-Hanks facilities corresponding to a core vertical market expertise and one regional market.
Amgen Inc. announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the company's new manufacturing facilities in West Greenwich, Rhode Island, and Juncos, Puerto Rico for the production of Amgen's therapeutics. The new manufacturing plant at Amgen's Rhode Island facility has received FDA approval for the production of Enbrel(R) (etanercept), the company's leading inflammation biologic used in the treatment of diseases such as moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis and moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. Amgen's original ENBREL facility in Rhode Island received licensure in December 2002, five months after the plant was acquired by the company. Amgen has invested more than $1.1 billion to add more than 500,000 square feet to its Rhode Island campus, which now houses one of the world's largest biotechnology manufacturing facilities in terms of capacity and square footage.
Navigant Consulting Inc. announced the expansion of the Company's Construction practice to include real estate consulting services. With the addition of real estate expertise, Navigant Consulting will offer a global clientele strategy consulting, transaction advisory, project management, valuation and dispute services. The real estate practice will be part of the NCI Construction practice, an international unit with more than 200 specialized consultants in construction and real estate services worldwide. Darin L. Buchalter, formerly a Partner at Ernst & Young LLP has joined Navigant Consulting to lead the firm's Real Estate Practice. Mr. Buchalter, who is based in the San Francisco office, brings nearly 20 years of consulting experience for Fortune 1000 corporations, emerging ventures and real estate investors in a variety of financial and operational matters to Navigant Consulting. His addition signals a commitment by the Company to building a stronger brand in the real estate consulting category.
Zhone Technologies Inc. announced that it plans to fire a third of its workers before the end of the year. The company reported 102 of its 299 employees will lose their jobs.
Some of the job losses announced by Ford Motor Co. are expected to be at Gaydon and Whitley. UP to 300 white-collar jobs are to be lost at Jaguar and Land Rover, parent company Ford has announced. Some of the staff jobs going are expected to be at the Jaguar development site at Whitley in Coventry and the Land Rover plant at Gaydon in south Warwickshire. All the redundancies are to be voluntary, and the job losses are part of a worldwide attempt by Ford to trim costs during a time when car sales have fallen.
Biogen Idec Inc. on September 8, said it will lay off 650 workers as part of a plan to reduce annual expenses by $200 million to $300 million and invest the savings to boost development of experimental drugs. It also plans to sell a San Diego manufacturing plant. The job cuts affect about 17% of the company's work force of about 4,000. The 650 job cuts will mostly occur by the end of the year, spread across various departments and locations.
Biogen Idec Inc. has said that it will lay off 650 workers as part of a plan to reduce annual expenses by $200 million to $300 million and invest the savings to boost development of experimental drugs. The Cambridge-based biotechnology firm, seeking to regain its footing after withdrawing a multiple sclerosis drug in February over safety concerns, said it also plans to sell a San Diego manufacturing plant. It also will sell the rights to Amevive, a psoriasis drug approved in 2003 that generated $43 million in sales last year. 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that 14 facilities remain closed after Hurricane Katrina, and that nine have major damage. The retailer originally shut down 126 stores and clubs due to the storm. A total of 89 facilities have reported some damage.
Wal-Mart Inc. plans to accelerate store openings in China and expand into smaller Chinese cities after the government relaxed laws on foreign retailers operating in the country. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart plans to open 14 superstores this year, an increase of a third, to catch up with Carrefour SA and domestic chains in China's US$652 billion retail market. China in December let foreign retailer open stores without a local partner to meet pledges made on joining the World Trade Organization in 2001.
Northwest Airlines Corp. wants to lay off roughly two-thirds of its mechanics and is seeking concessions worth $203 million under its latest proposal to the striking mechanics union.
Starbucks Corp. will open its first store in downtown Omaha. The 2,200-square-foot store is on the first floor of Central Park Plaza, 222 S. 15th St. The corporate-owned store will carry a full line of specialty coffee beans, pastries and merchandise, including coffee and espresso machines. Starbucks joins several local, independent coffee shops downtown and in the Old Market. Starbucks operates more than 9,500 retail locations worldwide. It has stores in North America, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and the Pacific Rim.
Allegheny Technologies Inc. announced an expansion of its premium-melt nickel-based alloy, superalloy, and specialty alloy production capabilities. These investments are aimed at increasing ATI's capacity to produce these high performance alloys used for aero-engine rotating parts; airframe applications; oil and gas exploration, extraction, and refining; and power generation land-based turbines and flue gas desulfurization pollution control units. These incremental capital investments of approximately $30 million over the next 15 months will be funded from internal cash flow. Major projects of this expansion, which is expected to increase ATI's premium-melt capacity by approximately 20%.
Biogen Idec Inc. will lay off about 28% of its San Diego work force, or 140 out of 500 jobs, as part of a larger reorganization. The Cambridge, Mass.-based biotechnology company, which suffered a major setback early this year when its new multiple sclerosis drug Tysabri was pulled from the market because of safety concerns, will eliminate 650 workers worldwide, or about 17% of its employees.
Worldwide Restaurant Concepts Inc. announced commitments from current and a new franchisee for 25 new restaurants worldwide. Long-time Sizzler franchisee, Salt Lake City-based Sizzling Platter, is planning to build its 22nd Sizzler restaurant in Boise, Idaho. It is Sizzling Platter's first new Sizzler in 12 years. Sizzling Platter was the chain's original franchisee, opening its first restaurant in 1963. The Boise location is the first of at least five new units Sizzling Platter plans to open over the next few years. BMW Management Inc., Sizzler's largest franchisee with 25 restaurants, recently signed a development agreement for four new restaurants in Northern and Southern California. BMW's current restaurants are located throughout Southern California.
Office Depot Inc. announced that it would close 16 stores in North America and 11 more in its international division in hopes of boosting future performance. The company announced that it would also eliminate the Viking brand in the United States and close two warehouses. The changes, which are expected to be complete by early next year, are estimated to cost $82.2 million. Along with the store closings abroad, Office Depot plans to close one warehouse, consolidate call-center facilities and stop the contract business in one country. The company did not say how many jobs would be lost or where the changes would be made. Last November, Office Depot announced plans to cut 1,700 jobs, including positions in retail stores, its corporate headquarters and its European sales force.
Entegris, Inc. announced that it would divest three of its smaller product lines, including gas delivery components used in semiconductor production equipment, stainless steel clean-in-place equipment for life science applications, and tape-and-reel systems used in electronics manufacturing. The product lines to be divested have aggregate historical combined revenue of approximately $50 million, or 8 percent of total sales, and are not currently profitable. Where appropriate, the company intends to treat these businesses, which employ a total of approximately 350 people, or 13 percent of the current workforce, as discontinued operations in its financial reporting.
Three-Five Systems Inc. is looking to sell various assets and wind up operations as part of its bankruptcy proceedings. The bidding procedures for the sale was set for Thursday, September 8, but was continued to Tuesday, September 13.
Dover Corp. has said that it is actively shedding lower-margin businesses so as to grow the company at a faster rate. The company has sold 15 businesses since 2003 with combined revenue of $281 million, but relatively low margins of about 4 percent. So far in 2005, the company has completed three divestitures, the biggest the $93 million sale of bolt maker Hydratight Sweeney to Actuant Corp. Other asset sales were possible this year.
Apogee Enterprises Inc. announced that it plans to build a new architectural glass fabrication plant as part of the company's strategy to grow in this market. Apogee will invest approximately $25 million in the new facility, which is to be located in the Southwest, to increase its Viracon glass fabrication capacity by approximately $40 million when the plant is at full capacity.
William Wrigley Jr. Co. announced the official opening of the Company's Global Innovation Center on Chicago's Goose Island. The world-class facility, located on the northern tip of Chicago's Goose Island, will serve as the nerve center of the global confectioner's commitment to innovate, diversify and meet the needs of future generations of consumers.
According to sources, General Electric Co. may sell some of its industrial units. Sources add that General Electric is looking to sell some of its industrial businesses over the next few months and that it has identified a few and others are at various stages.
Coca-Cola Co. announced merchandising store will open in the Beijing city's Oriental Plaza at the end of September. The Coca-Cola Store is a new brand-marketing strategy -- the boutique sells clothing, accessories, furnishings and gifts under the Coca-Cola brand.
Fortinet Inc. announced that it has moved its headquarters to a new larger building to accommodate its growing staff, expanded operations, and increased sales and customer demand. The new upgraded facility -- a roughly 120,000 square foot building located at 1090 Kifer Road in Sunnyvale, California -- doubles the size of Fortinet's previous headquarters and provides a state of the art manufacturing and shipping facility and a customer briefing center. It will house approximately 150 employees in the corporate/financial, engineering, legal, marketing, operations and sales functions. Since its founding in 2000, Fortinet has moved to upgraded headquarters five times in five years -- a testament to the company's significant growth and market success.
Palm Inc. announced it has opened a new Palm Retail Store showcasing the current line of popular Palm(R) products and accessories, including Palm Treo(TM) smartphones and the Palm LifeDrive(TM) mobile manager. Featuring an updated design, the 800-square-foot Palo Alto, Calif., store opened its doors this week at the Stanford Shopping Center, which offers one of the premier shopping experiences in the San Francisco Bay Area. New design elements include an accessories wall, which makes products more accessible to customers, and a computer area where sales experts can demonstrate applications and HotSync(R) capabilities. As with existing Palm stores, the new location will offer the expert support and exceptional brand experience customers expect from Palm.
Libby Glass Co. Ltd. has kicked off the construction of its China company in the Langfang Development Zone in north China's Hebei Province earlier this month. The Libby Glass (China) Co. Ltd., inaugurated in December 2004, will involve a total investment of $50 million. Upon completion, the company is expected to produce 96 million pieces of glass products annually.
According to sources, Linens 'n Things Inc. has hired Credit Suisse First Boston to explore strategic options and is considering a sale. Sources add that likely buyers could include private equity groups Apollo Management, Bain Capital and Yucaipa Cos. The retailer has been struggling to fend off fierce competition from discounters including Target Corp. which have added a wider assortment of low-priced, trendy home decorating goods in recent years. 
More than a score of jobs are to be lost at Eastman Kodak Co. Kirkby plant as a result of the continuing fall in demand for the photographic chemicals it makes. The news of this latest round of redundancies follows dismissal of 125 staff two years ago. In July, Kodak announced it would be making 7,000 staff redundant from its factories around the world. That followed a previous announcement that up to 15,000 jobs would go from around its worldwide operation. Demand for traditional film has fallen dramatically in western Europe and North America in recent years as a result in the growth in popularity of digital photography. Workers were told that the Kirkby synthetic chemicals division is to become a five day operation instead of seven days, by the end of 2005, resulting in the reduction of 21 jobs.
Cardinal Health Inc. announced organizational changes that combine its market-leading pharmaceutical distribution, medical products distribution and nuclear pharmacy services businesses into a single operating unit focused on addressing customer needs for greater information, efficiency and innovation in their supply chains. The new business offers the most comprehensive portfolio of supply chain services in the health-care industry and is one of its largest providers, with more than $70 billion in annual sales. By organizing around its core skills in distribution, logistics, procurement and financial and information-management, Cardinal Health expects to become more efficient as it serves a market that is approximately $300 billion in the United States alone. The new business also complements Cardinal Health's Integrated Provider Solutions organization, which was formed earlier this year to align the company's sales and marketing resources for hospitals and health-system customers.
Newell Rubbermaid Inc. announced that it would lay off 5,000 workers. The dismissals, comprising about 16% of the company's total 31,000 workforce.
According to sources, Hyperion Solutions Corp. may rise 33 percent because it's a buyout target and may increase earnings next year and in 2007. Oracle Corp., International Business Machines Corp. and SAP AG may try to buy Hyperion Solutions, which has 10,000 customers, including Citigroup Inc. and General Electric Co. 
Sequenom Inc. announced plans to cut 44 jobs and refocus the company on improving its genetic analysis business. The company expects to save $7 million to $9 million a year through the 30% work force reduction, along with a $3.2 million rent deferral for the company's headquarters in Torrey Pines and other changes.
According to sources, Motorola Corp. has hired J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. to pursue a possible sale of its 5,000-employee automotive-products unit. Sources said that the unit could fetch $1 billion to $2 billion. Private-equity buyers are expected to be strong contenders for the business. The automotive division had sales of $1.68 billion last year, according to the company.
Honeywell Corp. has laid off about 30 employees in Albuquerque as part of a companywide restructuring to eliminate redundant positions. The company employs about 1,100 in the Albuquerque area, most of whom are engaged in defense and aerospace-related research and development. The eliminated jobs were all administrative, such as accounting and human resources. The reorganization went into effect July 5, targeting about 2,000 jobs companywide. Some of the jobs were eliminated through attrition, early retirement options, canceling contracting arrangements and by closing advertised open positions. The rest of the employees affected were laid off.
Intel Corp. will spend up to $190 million to expand its Colorado Springs facility. The upgrade is in addition to a $400 million improvement project announced last year. The company also announced the purchase of a building at 4701 Technology Parkway in Fort Collins to relocate its 250-member design-center team. Intel employs 900 people in Colorado Springs. The expansion there is expected to add several hundred more by 2008, when the project is scheduled to be completed, the company said. Intel is the 18th-largest employer in the city, but the expansion will move it into the top 10.
Newmont Mining Corp. anticipates an oxide mill will be in operation at its Yanacocha mine in northern Peru by the end of 2006. The 5-6Mt/y plant will require capital of $250 million. The mill is being introduced at Yanacocha to treat more complex mineralization than the traditional oxide mineralization that is heap-leached at the open-pit mine in Cajamarca department, the region's largest gold mine. The idea is for the mill to be a natural transition to treat sulfide in the future as oxide reserves are depleted. 
Northwest Airlines Corp. plans to lay off hundreds of pilots. That translates into layoffs of 370 of the 5,200 pilots now flying for the airline. The company said it will dismiss 70 pilots on Nov. 1, another 150 on Jan. 1 and 150 in April 2006.
Northrop Grumman Corp. announced that it is opening a new office in Johnstown, Pa., to support its work for the U.S. Department of Defense and other federal government agencies. Northrop Grumman's Mission Systems sector plans to hire as many as 50 employees over the next two years to develop advanced collaboration technology, software-based tools that enable people to share information, coordinate and solve problems. The company has leased 14,000 square feet at the Commerce Center (formerly known as the Reliant Energy complex) for a state-of-the-art facility, which will be equipped with advanced communications, simulation, modeling and visualization systems and linked with other Northrop Grumman operations, laboratories and networks.
According to sources, Centennial Communications Corp. has begun sounding out potential buyers to sell itself. Sources add that a deal could fetch as much as $1.5 billion. Sources further add that the firm may still decide against a sale and any deal is months away.
Brownsville added a second Home Depot Inc. The store is the first to open at the under-construction Morrison Crossing shopping center, on Morrison Road and Expressway 77/83. Brownsville is now the only Rio Grande Valley city with two Home Depots, including the new 137,000-square-foot store. The original Home Depot opened in the late 1990s at Four Corners.
According to sources, Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. is evaluating whether to sell all of its small stations for as much as $800 million. Such a sale would cut one-quarter of the company's stations and possibly eliminate stations in cities like Milwaukee, Salt Lake City and Kansas City, Missouri. News Corp. is trying to streamline its television operations. A sale would reduce Fox's stations to 27 from 35. The stations targeted generate about $215 million in revenue annually, or less than 10 percent of the total from all Fox stations.
Blyth, Inc. announced that its Board has unanimously approved a tax-free spin-off of its Wholesale Group to Blyth shareholders. The planned spin-off of the Wholesale Group will create a publicly traded wholesale decorative Home Expressions company, with approximately 3,200 employees and estimated revenues of $700 million for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2006. The spin-off is intended to take the form of a tax-free pro rata distribution to Blyth shareholders of a new publicly traded stock. The stock distribution ratio is expected to be approximately one share of the new company for every three shares of Blyth common stock and will be confirmed at a future date. The transaction is expected to be completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2006, subject to receipt of a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service as to certain aspects of the transaction, receipt of an opinion of Blyth's outside counsel as to the tax-free nature of the transaction, registration of the new security with the Securities and Exchange Commission and certain other customary conditions. Management intends to seek listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
HJ Heinz Co. celebrated the official opening of the Heinz Global Innovation and Quality Center and announced a significant commitment in product development and quality to better align with consumer desires. Heinz will dedicate almost $100 million to strategic innovation activities in North America alone over the next five years.
Kronos Inc. has created an IBM Solutions Division. This IBM center of excellence is tasked with optimizing versions of Kronos' leading workforce management solutions to operate on IBM technology and products. This group also ensures that Kronos customers who leverage the IBM platform benefit from the scalability and performance that they have come to expect.
Varian Medical Systems Inc. announced that it found a training and development center at Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer. Under the agreement, Varian Medical will invest $10 million over the next five years in an advanced radiology training and development center. A laboratory for study, training, and developing a new generation of radiotherapy equipment will be built. It will train doctors, physicists, technicians, and nurses in the use of computer systems in controlling linear accelerators, upgrading existing devices, and developing other advanced radiotherapy technologies.
A small number of employees are expected to be laid off next month at the Georgia-Pacific LLC, mill when two tissue converting lines temporarily are shut down. About 15 employees are expected to be affected by the Oct. 1 change, but some will be transferred to the napkin line, which will be increased to full capacity next month. The mill's human resources department is looking at other areas within the mill where employees can be moved. G-P employs about 450 people.
According to sources, H.J. Heinz Co is set to announce further steps in its restructuring on September 20th, including the divestiture of 3,000, or 16%, of its products and 17 plants. Sources add that Heinz also tell investors it has hired UBS AG and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. to help its sell its vegetable, frozen foods and seafood businesses in Europe and its New Zealand poultry unit.
Lyondell Chemical Co. announced that it will indefinitely suspend production at its 300-million-pound per year Lake Charles, Louisiana, toluene diisocyanate (TDI) plant.
The New York Times Co. which owns the Times, the Globe and a number of other newspapers announced that 500 jobs would be eliminated across the company. The total includes 45 editorial jobs at the Times and 35 at the Globe.
Perry Ellis International Inc. announced that Original Penguin, named one of the fifty Biggest Brand Success Stories of 2004 by Advertising Age since its historic re-launch in 2002 is expanding its retail venture. The brand is planning a nationwide rollout, with its first stop being Miami Beach, scheduled to open its doors in December 2005. Then in February 2006, the company will open its third retail store at the Fashion Mall in Newport Beach, California. The brand will vary in-store displays, color schemes, furniture and vintage extras from location to location, while maintaining the 'home' design originally featured in the New York flagship store.
York International Corp. has said that its restructuring program includes plans to divest non-core operations at an appropriate price, close one manufacturing facility and significantly downsize another factory.
York International Corp. announced that it has planned a restructuring program to save the company $35 million a year starting in 2007. The restructuring program, scheduled to begin in the third quarter, entails consolidating operations within Europe, the Middle East and Africa. York plans to divest non-core operations, close one manufacturing facility and significantly downsize another factory. The company said the actions are expected to reduce the EMEA workforce by 1,300 employees, or 20%.
The Interpublic Group of Companies has said that it would place a shareholder proposal to sell the company on the proxy for the 2005 annual meeting, after the Securities and Exchange Commission denied a request by the company to exclude the plan. The proposal was submitted by an owner of 300 shares of Interpublic stock, Charles Miller, who has placed similar proposals on the proxies of other companies in which he owns shares.
Timken Co. announced plans to close its Clinton, S.C., plant, with production being phased down over the next two years. The decision is part of an ongoing program to increase competitiveness of its Automotive Group by reducing fixed costs and creating more focused factories across its automotive product portfolio. This action is part of the previously announced restructuring of the company's Automotive Group.
Northwest Airlines Corp. announced that it would lay off 1,400 flight attendants between October 31, 2005 and January 2006. The layoffs will begin with 900 furloughs on October 31, 2005 including 480 in Detroit, Northwest's largest hub, and 355 in Minneapolis.
Starbucks Coffee Co. opened its 10,000th franchised store in Badaling Great Wall of Beijing. The store will keep business from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m., but can not provide wireless broadband access services for tourists like other 38 stores in Beijing downtown. Tourists will be able to drink cappuccino, frappuccino and other coffee concoctions at one of China's greatest cultural treasures.
International Business Machines Corp. will open its first global Wireless Center of Excellence at Research Triangle Park, a multi-million dollar investment, to advance the use of wireless technologies in applications ranging from offices to warehouses. With employees, state and local government officials, retirees and young students in attendance, the company also announced plans to donate two houses to Habitat for Humanity in Wake County, and has signed the first North Carolina-based companies for its World Community Grid project.
Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. announced plans to expand ethanol capacity by 500 million gallons through the construction of two new dry corn milling facilities. The facilities will be located adjacent to the Company's existing ethanol plants. Construction, expected to be complete in early 2008, is dependent on final engineering and permit approval.
Best Buy announced the celebration of the grand opening of its 700th retail store in Snellville, Georgia on September 23, 2005. Located at 1709 Scenic Highway North, the new store is Best Buy's 16th in the Atlanta metropolitan area and one of the 72 new stores planned to open in the U.S. this year. Best Buy will operate 702 U.S. Best Buy stores in 49 states. New Best Buy stores reflect the company's customer-focused operating model, which tailors store experiences to particular customer needs and expectations. The model encourages Best Buy's 'Blue Shirts' to get to know customers at a deeper level and provide service in a more personalized way. The company plans to operate at least 1,200 retail stores in North America.
Leggett & Platt Inc. announced that it will close as many as 30 facilities internationally, and 15 plants in Northeast Mississippi have not been excluded from consideration. Those with spare productive capacity and poor performance rates will be eliminated. Most of the facilities in Northeast Mississippi produce materials for the furniture segment. Combined, they employ more than 1,600 people.
Northwest Airlines will lay off 1,300 flight attendants in two rounds of furloughs beginning Oct. 31 as it scales back service in bankruptcy. It plans to furlough 900 in the first round and another 400 before the end of the year, including a total of 88 flight attendants based in Memphis. The furloughs will include 480 flight attendants in Detroit, Northwest's largest hub, and 355 in Minneapolis, according to a Northwest memo provided by the PFAA. Northwest employed about 8,500 flight attendants on May 31, 2005.
Metrologic Instruments Inc. announced the formation of a Corporate Development Function to source new business opportunities in line with the Company's corporate strategy. These may include the formation of strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, and equity investments. This new function will be led by Gerard Yanuzzi, who has been appointed the Director of Corporate Development. He joined the Company in February of this year and reports to Mark C. Schmidt, Senior Vice President, Marketing. In his newly appointed role, Mr. Yanuzzi will lead Metrologic's strategy for acquisitions and new ventures. Mr. Yanuzzi brings to Metrologic 25 years of marketing and finance leadership experience in both business-to-business and business-to-consumer markets.
According to sources, Vonage Holdings Corp. is being encouraged to consider a sale while it presses ahead with plans for a flotation. Sources add that UBS and Deutsche Bank, the investment banks chosen by Vonage to underwrite its stock market listing, have been suggesting that the company pursue a "parallel process". This would involve seeking out, or responding to, expressions of interest in the company from potential buyers while moving forward with plans to raise up to $600 million from a listing.
Hewlett-Packard Co. plans to expand vendor network to tap telecom sector. The company sees Indian developers gradually playing a significant role in the global telecom landscape. The company's OpenCall suite facilitates operations and billing for the telecommunications industry. HP OpenCall delivers solutions and business partnerships that bring the agility and value of IT to service delivery, while meeting expectations that service providers demand. 
Medco Health Solutions Inc. has received approval from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to offer its Medicare Prescription Drug Plan (PDP) to the more than 42 million(1) Medicare beneficiaries nationwide. In support of its clients, Medco will serve as the pharmacy benefit manager for its health plan clients' Medicare PDP and Medicare Advantage prescription drug programs (MA-PD). Medco also will manage the federal tax- free subsidy program for employers meeting the guidelines for the new national prescription drug subsidy, and will offer PDP options for employers looking to offer their Medicare-eligible retirees with a more personalized PDP. Medco's individual PDP product, YOURx PLAN(TM) from Medco, will provide Medicare beneficiaries with access to the nation's largest mail-order pharmacy with more than 2,000 licensed pharmacists, and a network of more than 40,000 retail pharmacies.
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. announced that it will close an undisclosed number of plants in various locations, part of a sweeping restructuring aimed at improving its North American tire business and saving up to $1 billion over the next three years.
Lyondell Chemical Co. announced that it will be increasing its annual propylene glycol ether (PGE) capacity by 50,000 metric tons by the beginning of 2007. With this additional PGE capacity, Lyondell will continue to meet the future needs of its global customers, especially those in Asia, where the region is seeing a major increase in PGE usage in the electronics sector. This announced capacity increase is the result of a long-term agreement with Shiny Chemical Industrial Co. Ltd. for the contract manufacturing of ARCOSOLV(R) PGEs. Shiny Chemicals will build and operate a PGE plant in Tainan, Taiwan, based on Lyondell's technology. Based on the agreement, Shiny Chemicals will manufacture the PGEs and Lyondell will market and sell the products.
Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. shareholder Daniel Loeb has asked the board to consider a sale of the company because he says the maker of cancer and pain treatments is being mismanaged. Loeb's Third Point LLC, a $3.5 billion hedge fund, asked Ligand Chief Executive Officer David Robinson and the board to hire bankers immediately to evaluate its strategic options, according to a filing. Loeb and Third Point have purchased 7 million shares, or about 9.5 percent of the Ligand's outstanding stock, in the past month. 
Coca-Cola Co. is considering a major investment in the Peruvian market. The company was considering building a bottling plant that would consolidate the operations of three existing facilities and increase production. Investment in the plant would reach $100 million, adding that another $100 million would be spent on A&P over a three-year period.
PPG Industries Inc. declared a force majeure on all manufacturing activity located at its Lake Charles chemicals complex, which has temporarily stopped operating due to Hurricane Rita. The force majeure will affect production of liquid caustic soda, chlorine, Pels dry caustic soda beads and other chemicals. The shutdown will also affect all silica products and liquid sodium silicate produced at the facility. 
Ventiv Health Inc.'s Commercial Services unit announced that it is introducing Ventiv Access Services (VAS), a new division aimed at providing pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies essential resources surrounding the launch of new products into the marketplace. VAS will focus on helping clients establish distribution channels, gain product penetration in the managed markets, navigate trade and government relations and obtain reimbursement, among other integrated services. Within trade and governmental relations, VAS will access Ventiv's expertise by providing companies with stocking program options, trading partner contracts, return good policies, Medicaid and FSS reporting, Medicare Part D consultation and patient assistance programs. Jeffrey L. Thomas has joined Ventiv to head the new Ventiv Access Services division. Thomas comes to Ventiv with over twenty five years of pharmaceutical industry experience, most recently from the North American division of Ranbaxy Pharmaceuticals and Ranbaxy Laboratories, where he served as vice president / general manager and president, respectively.
Verizon Communications Inc. announced the opening of the company's new Fiber Solutions Center (FSC). The center will provide Verizon's customers with the highest-quality support for all their broadband services provided over Verizon's new fiber-to-the premises network. The new center, located at the company's state headquarters at 234 Washington St., supports Verizon's new fiber-based services, known as FiOS (FYE-ose). The center's staff handles calls from FiOS customers in not only Rhode Island, but throughout the region. Trained specialists answer technical questions and assist customers in correcting any problems. The center has already created over 100 new jobs, with more expected as Verizon's FiOS Internet Service grows in popularity and availability, and as the company begins offering FiOS TV.
AT&T Corp. announced that it is opening two additional Internet Data Centers (IDCs) in California and China, and augmenting its existing presence in the New York City center by 27%. With this added capacity, AT&T will be able to provide managed hosting services from 28 IDCs worldwide -- 14 within the U.S.; 14 outside of the U.S. AT&T is bolstering its presence in the Silicon Valley/San Francisco Bay area with a new center in San Jose, Calif., which is scheduled to open in November. The center will more than double the company's existing hosting capacity already available in that market. AT&T already has an IDC in Redwood City, Calif. AT&T also announced its intention to offer hosting services in Shanghai, China. Service is expected to be available in November. AT&T already has an IDC in Hong Kong.
24/7 Real Media Inc. announced expanded capabilities to deliver video-based ads through a new advertising unit and Web network dedicated to Intermercials - short, full-page, rich-media ads displayed within the active browser window while the user navigates between Web pages or sites.
Analog Devices Inc. has announced it will close its ten-year-old Herzliya, Israel design center, the birthplace of its TigerSharc DSP architecture, within four months.
Beckman Coulter Inc. announced the opening of the Immune Tolerance Network (ITN) Laboratory at Beckman Coulter's Miami, Florida facility. The lab was established to develop, standardize and automate cell-based tests for clinical trials. Beckman Coulter will receive the right of first refusal to commercialize any of the newly developed tests.
Administrators of the European businesses of bankrupt U.S. auto parts firm Collins & Aikman Corp. have set an end-October deadline to select a buyer. The administrators, Kroll, have whittled down a short-list of between five and 10 bidders from 80 approaches. Buyers include both financial and trade buyers: some are interested in the majority of the entire European group, and others in a smaller sub-set or individual plants. The short-listed bidders include Wilbur Ross, who has also expressed interest in the U.S. business. Turnaround specialist Wilbur Ross has already bought most of the $750 million of bank debt owed by Collins & Aikman. 
Lockheed Martin officially opened the F/A-22 Technical Support Center (TSC), a first in contractor sustainment support. The TSC is a one-stop center for all technical communications in the field concerning the revolutionary F/A-22 Raptor fighter, now being flown by the U.S. Air Force. The F/A-22's balanced design of stealth, supercruise speed, supportability and super-agility, along with its advanced integrated avionics, will enable combat commanders to change the way future wars are fought -- shortening wars, saving lives and remaining relevant for the next 40 years.
Watson Wyatt & Co. Holdings (Watson Wyatt Worldwide) announced that it has opened a consulting office in Las Vegas to support the firm's expanding business activities in the region.Pete Guzman, who has been advising employers on human capital issues for more than 15 years, will serve as account manager for the office.
A report that one of its shareholders is pushing for a spin-off of its company-owned restaurants boosted shares of McDonald's by more than 2% early Wednesday. Sources said that the Pershing Square hedge fund, which acquired a stake in McDonald's earlier this month, would like to see the company retain its franchising operation but sell off a majority stake in the company-owned restaurants into a separate publicly traded entity and borrow money to give shareholders on the value of its real estate holdings. Pershing has accumulated enough stock and options to give it a 4.9% stake in McDonald's. 
BellSouth Corp. announced that in its ongoing effort to help businesses in the Gulfport/Biloxi area, a local service center tent has been opened to provide assistance to local business owners. BellSouth representatives are available in an open-air storefront where business customers can come and talk with BellSouth communication experts one-on-one. In the service center, business owners will be able to: Check specific locations where service is available Free phone, Internet, and Wi-Fi HotSpot Access Re-establish phone service, high-speed Internet service and more at a current, new or temporary location Purchase onsite routers, modems, handsets and other equipment Receive print and CD-rom copies of the Mississippi Gulf Coast area edition of The Real Yellow Pages. The service center is located at Prime Factory Outlet Shops, 10000 Factory Shops Boulevard, Gulfport MS 39503.
Best Buy will kick off the official opening of its first store in Gatineau, 920 Maloney Blvd - the third for the chain in Quebec on Friday September 30th at 10 am.
Best Buy Co. Inc. announced that it will kick off the official opening of its first store in Surrey on September 30th at 10 am with weekend-long celebrations and appearances by Canuck Captain Markus Naslund and BC Lions Slotback Jason Clermont.
Computer Associates International Inc.' BrightStor r11.5 is now available in the Arab region and Pakistan. BrightStor is a modular set of intelligent storage management solutions, built around 13 integrated products. Its aim is to getter align storage spending with business value.
Google Inc. plans to build a 1 million-square-foot corporate campus on a now-vacant site on NASA property in the heart of Silicon Valley. Google is expected to build a campus containing offices, houses and roads at the NASA Ames Research Center in Mountain View.
MeadWestvaco Corp. announced that it is closing its packaging plant in Pine Brook resulting in the elimination of 130 jobs. The company expects the closure to be completed by the end of the year and plans to transfer the production to other healthcare packaging plants. 
Kerr-McGee Corp. said it remains in "active" talks to sell its chemicals unit, for which it expects to receive proceeds by the end of the year. The company said it is still considering a sale or an initial public offering for the unit, which makes titanium dioxide used to whiten plastics and paint. Analysts have estimated the divestiture of the unit could raise $1.4 billion to $2 billion.
Abbott Laboratories announced the dedication of a new facility in Des Plaines, Ill., devoted to the discovery, development and manufacturing of molecular diagnostic products for cancer, HIV and other medical conditions. The 208,000-square-foot facility on 17.5 acres will serve as headquarters for Abbott's worldwide molecular diagnostics business, which provides tests and automated instrument systems to detect pathogens and subtle changes in patients' genes and chromosomes, which permits earlier diagnosis, the selection of appropriate therapies, and improved monitoring of diseases.
Travelzoo Inc. is opening an office near Las Vegas' famed strip to entice even more travelers to one of America's top destinations. Travelzoo's new office will open on October 17 and be located at 3960 Howard Hughes Parkway, 5th Floor, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109.
Manugistics Group Inc. has long been viewed as a potential acquisition target, takeover talk was amplified this week by the supply-chain software company's move to sweeten rewards for top executives in the event of a sale. Manugistics disclosed new or extended "change in control" protections for CEO Joseph Cowan and seven other top executives. According to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, Cowan's employment pact was amended on Sept. 23 to double, from 12 to 24, the months he would receive severance and other benefits should he lose his job or leave for "good reason" within a year of the company being sold. Other top managers also received enhanced severance packages. Analysts said these types of agreements serve as a precursor to an acquisition.
Williams-Sonoma Inc. opens the first Williams-Sonoma Home store on Beverly Boulevard in West Hollywood. The new store will sell beautifully crafted custom-upholstered furniture in an expanded selection of 111 fabrics available on a choice of 28 frames. There will also be a broader selection of merchandise than what is currently offered in the catalog, including more handcrafted wood furniture, lighting, tableware, imported bedding and decorative accessories.
Marathon Oil Corp. announced that it expects the $300 million expansion and clean fuels project at its Detroit refinery to be complete by the middle of November. The project will expand the refinery's production to 100,000 barrels a day from 74,000 barrels a day. Normal refining operations will have to be shut down in the final stages of construction, which is expected to last roughly 50 days. Additional petroleum products will be brought into the market to address the supply decrease. Its six other refineries are expected to remain at or near normal operating capacity during such time.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. and Mid-America Hotel Partners LLC announce a new hotel and conference center in Lombard, IL. The property will be known as The Westin Lombard, Yorktown Center, situated in the heart of DuPage County's East-West Corridor on the eastern edge of Yorktown Center, 20 miles west of downtown Chicago. The hotel begins construction with a groundbreaking ceremony and is due to be completed within 24 months. Westin Hotels & Resorts is owned by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc.
Applied Films Corp. announced the ground-breaking of a new production facility in Tainan, Taiwan earlier this week. Thomas T. Edman, President and Chief Executive Officer, was joined by Taiwanese and local officials in breaking ground on a new state-of-the-art production facility in the Southern Taiwan Science Park. The facility will include production, research and development and administration. The building will be approximately 4,900 square meters. Total facility costs are anticipated to be approximately $10 million. The building should be complete in June 2006. With the new facility in Tainan, Applied Films will be able to assemble and deliver larger display systems directly from Taiwan.
According to analysts, media companies scouring the thinning list of Internet takeover targets are particularly hungry for Web search providers, and it may be only a matter of time before InfoSpace Inc. is scooped up. The company hasn't indicated it is for sale by hiring bankers to shop it around, the sources said, but it could become a target as everyone from media giants to newspaper companies and tech stalwarts scramble to cultivate Internet strategies and cash in on the Web advertising boom.
Pfizer Inc. officials told employees Thursday at their pharmaceutical manufacturing plant in Groton that they expect to eliminate between 30 and 40 positions during next year's first quarter as the company continues to downsize its global manufacturing network.
United Parcel Service Inc. officially opened its largest logistics facility dedicated to serving the healthcare industry, a 500,000-square-foot distribution center located near the company's Worldport global air hub. The new facility, located next to the main campus of the UPS Supply Chain Solutions Technology and Logistics Center, is the 25th in North America to be devoted to the healthcare industry and was constructed to comply with the U.S. Federal Prescription Drug Marketing Act and various other federal and state regulatory requirements. It is dividend into validated temperature-controlled and ambient sections and is designed to handle sensitive pharmaceuticals. The building's equipment and systems facilitate the efficient distribution of over-the-counter and prescription drugs.
Callaway Golf Co. announced plans to cut 500 jobs, or about 15.6% of its work force, in a restructuring that aims to save $70 million over two years. The restructuring will cost about $12 million, Callaway said after the market closed Thursday. The company plans to record $6 million, or 5 cents a share, of the restructuring charges in the current quarter.
Michael Baker Corp. announced the creation of a new operating unit, Baker Consulting Services Group, and named William E. Begley to head the unit. Baker Consulting Services is being established to expand the scope of services Baker traditionally provides to its clients. It will become involved with clients and projects in both the company's Engineering and Energy business segments at the strategic or early conceptual phases by providing technical and strategic advice and expertise on the best direction or options to follow.
Omnicare Inc. announced that it plans to close 17 facilities, and reduce its workforce by about 3.7%. The company announced that its workforce stood at 20,000 as of August 31. The company anticipates 93% of the job cuts will come from its pharmacy operations.
TJX Companies Inc. is combining its Athens TJ Maxx retail operation with a HomeGoods store and opening the new superstore at Colonial Promenade Beechwood, 196 Alps Road. The combination of TJ Maxx and HomeGoods represents a relatively new strategy by TJX Companies.
Air Products & Chemicals Inc. announced plans to increase manufacturing capacity for its proprietary equipment to produce liquefied natural gas (LNG) at its Wilkes-Barre, Pa. facility. The LNG manufacturing expansion consists of increasing the existing fabrication area by approximately 30%, installing additional manufacturing equipment, and hiring a significant number of highly-skilled, full-time employees.
Verizon has expanded into new markets, extended service for customers using private line access, and lowered its rates for the majority of customers. Verizon now offers its MPLS-based VPN services in 109 markets, including the top 97 cities in new markets such as San Francisco and Milwaukee. As part of this effort, Verizon added private line access, enabling point-to-point or multi- line point-to-dedicated access. In the past year, Verizon has lowered its long-distance prices and moved technology closer to its customers, making its services more competitively priced.
Agere Systems Inc.'s giant semiconductor plant on South John Young Parkway ceased operations on September 30, its remaining workers driving away one by one from what was once Central Florida's greatest hope for a high-tech future. The shopping-mall-sized factory stopped production a week ago, giving its remaining 400 production workers a few extra days to prepare for the shutdown.
Anadarko Petroleum Corp. is set to begin construction on a 48-mile water pipeline that will reinject coalbed methane water back into the ground in northeast Wyoming. The $50 million 24-inch pipeline will transport as much as 400,000 barrels of water per day from eastern Johnson County to the Salt Creek Field area, where it will be injected into the Madison aquifer.
AK Steel Holding Corp. announced that a new recycling facility has been constructed at its Ashland, Kentucky Works to process and recycle waste materials from the plant's blast furnace, cokemaking operation and continuous caster. The new facility is capable of recycling up to 250,000 tons of waste per year and recovering iron and carbon units that would otherwise be sent to a landfill. Waste materials processed in the recycling facility are transformed into a product called cold-bonded briquettes. The briquettes will be used as feedstock for the Ashland Works blast furnace which produces iron as a first step in the steelmaking process. The use of briquettes as a feedstock will significantly reduce the amount of purchased raw materials needed for the Ashland Works ironmaking operation.
Industry analysts have tipped Leap Wireless International Inc. as a potential acquisition target for larger CDMA-based operators, including Verizon Wireless.
Adaptec Inc. has announced that it intends to divest its systems business, an $80 million annual run rate business that includes assets gained through several acquisitions including the Snap Server network attached storage (NAS) and Eurologic block systems hardware and software assets. The company has retained Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB) as its financial advisors. During this transition, Adaptec plans to maintain current activities and investment in its systems business.
Georgia-Pacific Corp. announced that it is cutting more than 1,000 jobs in a broad restructuring that aims to save $100 million a year. The company will idle up to four tissue paper machines and about 70 lines that convert a large tissue roll into smaller sizes that consumers can use as it eliminates 850 jobs in North America. Internationally, the company it will cut 250 jobs as it reorganizes operations in france and changes its operating procedures in Britain and the Nordic region. The restructuring will cost $106 million over the next two years, Georgia-Pacific said, including a third-quarter charge of $42 million. About $53 million of the expense will come from asset devaluation, about $21 million from paying severance and other employee termination benefits and another $32 million for costs related to exiting certain plants.
Computer Associates International Inc. unveiled the next steps in its strategy to provide a new generation of infrastructure management solutions to help cable, wireline, and wireless service providers ensure the security, performance, and availability of their revenue generating infrastructures. The company announced the formation of a new organization within CA designed to serve the needs of the telecommunications and service provider market and outlined how the company is leveraging its recent acquisition of Concord Communications and its Aprisma subsidiary to extend its traditional telecommunications business.
White Martins (US) is to boost its investment by an additional 50%. Its Praxair subsidiary will put US$150m into four new industrial projects: Gerdau/Acominas, Sao Bento Mining, Owens Corning (US) and Esmaltec. White Martins also expects to make new commitments in Peru and Venezuela.
Mobile Mini Inc. announced that it is developing a new branch in Pensacola, its sixth branch in the state of Florida. The Pensacola branch is currently scheduled to begin operations in November 2005. Initially, the new Pensacola branch will focus on the special needs of those hit by Hurricane Katrina in Mississippi, Alabama and Florida, and will supplement the delivery and positioning of portable storage and office units that are being ordered to fulfill hurricane relief needs. The Company is moving quickly to set up the location, relocate and hire staff, and deploy portable storage units and mobile offices to the region, with the goal of opening for business by November. In view of the strong demand for storage and office units following the hurricane damage in the area to be served by the new branch, Mobile Mini anticipates that business ramp-up at the Pensacola branch will be far faster than its historical experience at a start-up branch.
Motorola Inc. announced that it is cutting 1,900 jobs at 29 different U.S. and international locations in an effort to improve operating efficiency. Motorola's work force will remain at about 68,000 since it is simultaneously adding staff in such areas as engineering and marketing.
Cisco Systems launched a training center that will add another economic benefit. Cisco's global education and development center, a 38,000-square-foot facility that will train thousands of sales employees from Cisco and its partner companies.
Lockheed Martin Corp. announced that it has opened a new facility to support the integration and test of mission systems for the Littoral Combat Ship (LCS). The Mission Systems Integration Center (MSIC) is a full scale version of the LCS mission control center with live equipment, combat management system software and simulations of combat systems equipment. The MSIC supports the LCS mission systems throughout their entire life cycle including development, integration and testing, and maintenance once the ships are deployed. The facility also provides opportunities for crew familiarization and training before going to sea.
Oshkosh Truck Corp. announced that the company will open its new 300,000-square-foot defense truck remanufacturing facility on October 10 near its headquarters in Oshkosh. The newly operational facility is expected to create more than 200 employment opportunities.
Northwest Airlines Corp. announced that it wants to Trim 115 Planes to reduce costs. By eliminating these planes Northwest wants bring its fleet size and mix of planes in line with what it can afford and the number of travelers it is expecting to serve, Northwest said in its request to abandon the planes. The list of 115 planes that Northwest wants to renegotiate payments for or eliminate includes a dozen 747s, a dozen DC9s and DC10s, 28 Boeing 757 aircraft and 28 Airbus planes. The planes are used for a range of routes from long international flights to short domestic flights.
Sprint Nextel Corp. has said that it will spin off its local telecommunications business in the second quarter. After the spinoff Sprint Nextel will get more than 80 percent of its revenue from wireless sales. 
Chevron Corp. announced that its Bayou Casotte Energy LLC unit has filed an application with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to own, build and operate a natural gas import terminal in Jackson County, Miss. The proposed project, to be located next to Chevron's Pascagoula refinery, would process imported liquefied natural gas for distribution in Mississippi and the Southeast. The terminal will have an initial processing capacity of 1.3 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day.
Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. announced that it has chosen this McHenry County town of about 1,000 for its first wholly owned U.S. biodiesel plant. The plant will be adjacent to a canola crushing plant owned by ADM. ADM said the plant will produce 50 million gallons of the vegetable-based fuel each year. That project is expected to use about 355,000 acres of North Dakota canola each year and create 315 new jobs. It is expected to be operating late next year. ADM also announced that it is building its third biodiesel plant in Germany. It said construction of the German plant is scheduled to be completed in about a year.
Caterpillar Inc. announced that it plans to open an electric power manufacturing facility in Newberry, S.C., to meet increased customer demand in North America, the company said Monday. Caterpillar will assemble diesel and gas-powered generator sets at the Newberry plant, and the sets will be sold as backup power, The facility, which will be located at largely vacant building owned by Caterpillar, will open in the first half of 2006. Caterpillar also expects to employ 70 people there.
According to sources, Exxon Mobil Corp. plans to sell its 50 percent stake in the Aceh province, which it holds with ConocoPhillips, whereas ConocoPhillips is seeking to swap its stake in a gas block with another field in Indonesia. ConocoPhillips , which operates block A with a 50 percent stake, wants an equal split of the revenue from the field rather than the 48 percent improved offer from the government, to justify its investment. Mines and Energy Minister Purnomo Yusgiantoro has urged U.S. No.3 oil firm ConocoPhillips in August to divest its stake if it was not moving faster in developing the area, where the gas was urgently needed by local fertilser firms in Aceh. ExxonMobil has the other half of the gas block in the province in the northern tip of Sumatra island, which has 500 billion cubic feet of gas reserves.
According to sources, Six Flags Inc. has received takeover interest from about three dozen prospective buyers, but a dissident shareholder seeking to increase his stake has not entered the auction to buy the entire theme park operator. Sources said that the potential bidders, many of them private equity firms, have begun to review Six Flags' confidential financial records. Six Flags has a market capitalization of about $674 million and a debt load of more than $2 billion. In August, Six Flags put itself up for sale after investor Daniel Snyder said he was seeking to replace the company's chairman and chief executive and raise his stake to 34.9 percent from 11.7 percent. 
RCN Corp. announced at the CompTel/ASCENT Fall Convention and Expo in Orlando, FL that it has reorganized its commercial sales and service efforts to create a new RCN Business Solutions organization. RCN Business Solutions is a wholly owned, but separately managed, division of RCN Corporation and it is dedicated to serving the business community in the enterprise, wholesale carrier and government account sectors.
Chevron Corp. announced that it is proceeding with the development of the Blind Faith Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. The field will be developed using a semisubmersible production facility, with first production expected during the first half of 2008. Chevron is the operator and holds a 62.5% working interest. Blind Faith is located in approximately 7,000 feet of water, about 160 miles southeast of New Orleans, on Mississippi Canyon blocks 695 and 696. The discovery well was drilled in June 2001 and encountered more than 200 feet of net pay in Miocene sands at depths of 20,900 feet to 24,300 feet. A successful appraisal well was drilled in 2004. The field has an estimated gross resource potential exceeding 100 million barrels of oil-equivalent.
Oakley Inc. announced the creation of 1242 Productions Inc., a film production company focused on promoting awareness of its core board sports market and world-class athletes.
The Allied Defense Group Inc. announced the opening of its new 110 acre manufacturing campus in Marshall, Texas with a ceremony and open house on October 10, 2005. The manufacturing campus will be the home of Allied Technology, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Allied Defense Group, which in turn owns Titan Dynamics Systems Inc. (Titan) and MECAR USA.
According to sources, Texas Instruments Inc. has hired Morgan Stanley to sell its sensors and controls business, which could be worth about $2.5 billion. The unit represented about 10% of TI's revenue in 2004 and produced $589 million in revenue in the first six months of 2005. Sources said it generates about $300 million of Ebitda annually. The deal is still in its early stages, the sources said. Books were sent out shortly after Labor Day, they said, and first-round bids came in last week. Though the company is conducting an auction, one source described TI as skittish, hinting it might not opt for a sale. Books were sent to several large private equity firms, sources said. But there could also be strategic bidders. The most likely strategic bidders are European companies such as Robert Bosch GmbH and Siemens AG. Sources familiar with the bid said the timing may also reflect the large new buyout funds that have been raised by a number of sponsors over the past year. With leveraged finance readily available, they said, TI may consider it timely to solicit interest from private equity buyers.
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. announced that it is opening a new office in Appleton, Wis., to provide engineering design and project activities support to Kimberly-Clark's' (kmb) merged baby care and child care product & technology development units. Jacobs announced the move allows Kimberly-Clark to reduce costs. Jacobs will also offer employment to many of the Kimberly-Clark employees affected by the reorganization.
The Timken Co. will close its Wooster Township plant by the end of the year and plans to move its 36 hourly jobs about 30 miles east to the Canton area. The Wooster Steel Plant has been a part of Timken since 1928, when an idle plant was purchased from Weldless Tube. The plant employed about 230 as recently as 2000.
Pioneer Natural Resources Co. said it was on track to complete the sale of deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets by the end of the year, and said it would put off drilling a new deepwater well. Pioneer said recent hurricanes delayed plans to drill the Paladin prospect; and taken in tandem with the planned asset sale, the company said it would defer drilling and seek a suspension of operations extension from the U.S. Minerals Management Service. The company also said it had made a discovery on the Clipper prospect in the Green Canyon 299 block, which the company operates with a 55 percent working interest. The block is part of the planned asset sale, for which the company plans to open a data room next week.
Playboy Enterprises Inc. announced Hong Kong and Kuala Lumpur as the fourth and fifth locations, respectively, for its freestanding Playboy Concept Boutiques. Both are expected to open at year's end. The upscale shopping destinations will offer full collections of Playboy fashion and accessories, as well as other Playboy-branded consumer products, appealing to style- conscious young men and women. The deals are licensing ventures that do not require a capital investment from Playboy. In Hong Kong, Playboy will open a boutique on Cleverland Street in Causeway Bay's ultra-modern Fashion Walk area, home to other popular fashion brands such as Diesel, Camper, IT, and D-Mop. Speedplan, Playboy's licensee for men's and women's apparel and accessories for Hong Kong and Taiwan, also will serve as the retail licensee. Rental space in Causeway Bay is among the most expensive in the world; the store will span 2,100 square feet. The Playboy Concept Boutique, Kuala Lumpur will open in the Mid-Valley Mall on the ground floor, and span 2,500 square feet. Zillion, Playboy's licensee for women's apparel, handbags, and jewelry for Hong Kong and Singapore, will open the store.
Universal Forest Products Inc. announced the launch of a new division to expand and enhance the company's initiatives in the consumer products market. Universal Consumer Products Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary intended to create new distribution networks for the company's growing portfolio of consumer products and to identify and develop additional products to offer to consumers worldwide. It will comprise the company's operations that manufacture and market consumer products such as Latitudes(TM) Decking and Railing, Maine Ornamental decorative post caps, TechTrim polymer trim board and plastic lattice, as well as future outdoor living products the company brings to market. This division will unify and expand on existing Universal consumer product distribution and marketing programs in a significant new strategy for the future of Universal.
Tower Automotive Inc. announced that it will close two U.S. factories by the end of next year, eliminating 590 jobs, as part of its reorganization. Work from the plants in Granite City, Illinois, and Milan, Tennessee, will shift to other North American factories, the Novi, Michigan-based company said . The shutdowns affect about 300 workers at Granite City and 290 at Milan. Tower said it expects $65 million in costs related to the closings.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. opened its first 300-mm fab. With Fab 36 aimed at 65-nm design rules, AMD's 200-mm Fab 30 facility, where virtually all of AMDs microprocessors are currently made, may be used to make chip sets and processors needed for low-cost systems aimed at the developing world or for embedded systems. AMD plans to add about 600 jobs at Fab 36, and will employ a total of 3,000 workers here by 2006.
Caterpillar Inc. announced the formation of a new Remanufacturing Division to support the company's commitment to sustainable development and to achieving growth goals.The company announced that Steven L. Fisher, who was elected vice president effective Dec. 1, will lead the Remanufacturing Division. Fisher, 50, is currently president of Caterpillar Remanufacturing Services.
Caterpillar Inc. announced the formation of a new division to lead an enterprise transformation of manufacturing systems to help set a 'gold standard' for quality, safety and speed in industry.The Production Systems Division will be headed by James D. Waters, Jr., who was elected a vice president effective Dec. 1. Waters, 47, is currently manager of the hydraulics business in the Motion & Power Control Division. 
Network Appliance Inc. announced the grand opening of its newest technology center in Research Triangle Park. NetApp has been in the RTP area since 1999 and in 2004 purchased three buildings from Cisco Systems, Inc., in RTP, located at 7301 Kit Creek Road. The space is 520,000 square feet and capable of accommodating more than 2,000 employees. The company currently employs 360 employees in the Kit Creek Road facility and operates a 24x7 global service and support center in addition to a state-of-the-art data center with a capacity of multiple petabytes.
Kraft Foods Inc. annunced that it is eliminating about 600 salaried positions as part of its 2004 plan targeting 6,000 job cuts by 2007. The latest cuts are to occur by mid-November at several locations mostly in North America, including Kraft's corporate base in suburban Chicago. They will bring the total eliminated under the 21-month-old restructuring to 5,200, leaving 800 positions yet to identify.
Eastman Kodak Co. will close its Middleway, WV, printing plate manufacturing plant by the end of the first quarter of 2006. The decision to close this facility is a result of the product rationalization activities that Kodak is undertaking as a result of the company's recent acquisitions in the graphic communications market. Kodak will discontinue the primary products manufactured at the plant, Mirus and Fortis thermal plates, Eternus conventional plates, and all associated chemistry. These products will not be available after production and inventory are depleted.
Northrop Grumman Corp. announced that it will cut 400 manufacturing jobs at Linthicum site, a plant that makes military radar and electronics systems. If less than 400 accept the buyout, the company will resort to layoffs by Dec. 30.
Boston Scientific Corp. plans some job cutbacks. Most job cuts, the number of which was not specified, will come out of Boston Scientific's Japan operations and some human-resource functions that will be outsourced, the company reported. Officials would not talk publicly about U.S. job cuts, but they doubted there would be an impact at its stent division headquarters in Maple Grove or its plant in Plymouth.
Tower Automotive Inc.will close its Granite City plant by the end of 2006, laying off about 300 employees as the financially troubled company seeks to trim excess manufacturing capacity. Earlier this year, Tower laid off about 175 people at the Granite City plant after Ford Motor Co. discontinued the current-style Lincoln Aviator sport utility vehicle.
General Motors announced that it would cut at least 25,000 jobs in a massive reorganization, and at the same time reached a deal with the United Auto Workers to cut billions of dollars in health costs. The moves came as GM announced a wider-than-expected quarterly loss of $1.6 billion dollars.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. announced the first St. Regis Resort in French Polynesia. Currently under construction and scheduled to open in April 2006, St. Regis Resort, Bora Bora is owned by prominent real estate developer Louis Wane who also owns three other hotels managed by Starwood in the region. St. Regis Resort, Bora Bora will feature 101 luxury overwater and beach villas, including the ultra-luxe Royal Suite - at more than 8,000 square feet it will debut as the largest suite in French Polynesia. At a cost of more than $1 million per bungalow to develop and construct, this resort will introduce unmatched luxury in South Pacific.
Unisys Corp. announced that it plans to cut about 3,600 jobs, or 10% of its work force, over the next year as part of a broad restructuring.
Unisys Corporation reported a preliminary third-quarter 2005 net loss of $54.3 million, or 16 cents per share, including a pre-tax charge of $10.7 million, or 2 cents per share, related to the company's cash tender for its 8 1/8% notes due 2006. The company said it concentrates its resources on the areas discussed above, the company plans to divest non-strategic areas of the business and use the proceeds from such asset sales or divestitures to implement cost reduction actions, fund its growth businesses, and pursue complementary tuck-in acquisitions. Unisys also plans to cut about 3,600 jobs, or 10 percent of its work force, over the next year as part of a broad restructuring.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that it will invest $25 million to establish a private equity fund that will directly issue equity investments in women and minority-owned business enterprises.
Six Flags Inc. has set an early-November deadline for potential suitors to submit initial takeover offers, with the aim of finding a buyer by year-end. Six Flags also urged investors to reject a proposal by stockholder Red Zone LLC to remove three directors from the company's seven-person board. Shareholders of record as of Sept. 24 may vote on the proposal. 
Lyondell Chemical Co. announced that it will permanently cease toluene diisocyanate (TDI) production at its Lake Charles, La., plant. Lyondell has approximately 280 employees at this plant. Efforts will be made to reduce the impact to employees, which is expected to include redeployment opportunities or severance benefits.
Polaris Industries Inc. announced plans to establish a dealer training center at Dekalb Technical College in Clarkston, Ga., near Atlanta. The facility, which will continue to house the college's Motorcycle Service Technology certification program, also will accommodate Polaris dealer training courses year-round. Through Polaris' Master Service Dealer Training Program, dealers from across North America spend four to five days in training courses for servicing Polaris ATVs, RANGERs and Victory Motorcycles. Dekalb Technical College's ease of access, location and passion for industry partnerships were major considerations for the company to locate there.
TJX Companies Inc. announced the opening of a new side-by-side combo store format in Salt Lake City featuring a HomeGoods store located next to an existing T.J. Maxx store. The new combo store will open in Brickyard Plaza, at Brickyard Road and 1300 East. The home fashion store will hire roughly 60 full- and part-time employees.
Dana Corp. announced that it will cut its salaried work force by 5%, close two plants and sell parts of its business to sharply reduce costs. Dana plans to narrow its product line by selling businesses that employ about 9,800 people worldwide. The company will focus on its light- and heavy-vehicle drivetrain products and sealing and thermal products. Dana also said it aims to reduce its salaried work force by 5% in addition to the operations to be sold or divested by the end of 2006. The company said it plans to achieve those cuts primarily through attrition.
Verizon Communications Inc. announced executive-level changes in its Finance organization and the creation of a new organization, Verizon Services, designed to increase operational efficiencies. Senior management changes in the organization are as follows: Tom Bartlett, senior vice president and treasurer, has been named senior vice president and controller, replacing Dave Benson, who last month announced his intention to retire. Bartlett will be responsible for corporatewide accounting, public finance reporting and budget analysis. Cathie Webster, senior vice president-Investor Relations, has been named senior vice president and treasurer, replacing Bartlett. Webster will be responsible for corporatewide financing activities and cash management. Ron Lataille, vice president-financial planning and analysis for Verizon's Domestic Telecom business unit, has been named senior vice president-Investor Relations, replacing Webster. Lataille will be the corporation's primary liaison with the investment community and Verizon's shareholders. Bob Barish, vice president-corporate finance, has been named senior vice president and chief financial officer for Domestic Telecom, replacing John Killian, who earlier was named president-elect of the new Verizon Enterprise Solutions/MCI business unit. Barish will be responsible for finance and strategic planning for Domestic Telecom. Larry Fulton, executive director-financial planning and analysis, has been named vice president-Finance, replacing Barish. Fulton will be responsible for the financial planning and analysis of Verizon's financial results, short-and long-term financial plans, and managing the development of the business plan and annual budget.The company has also announced the creation of an organization to provide centralized back-office and support services to Verizon's business units and Verizon Wireless, a move expected to increase efficiencies through economies of scale and eliminated duplication of effort. The new organization, Verizon Services, will include procurement and logistics, real estate, human resources employee services, and financial operations (accounts payable, billing, collections, remittance, payroll and other transaction-based services).
Ford Motor Co. plans significant plant closings as part of a major restructuring plan to be unveiled in January. This will be the struggling automaker's second turnaround effort in four years. Though the company didn't identify the assembly plants that face closure, it probably will scrutinize its underused Hazelwood facility, where about 1,450 people build the Explorer and Mercury Mountaineer sport utility vehicles.
Microchip Technology Inc. announced that it has launched its new online utility meter design center. This website provides engineers with the technical tools and resources needed to create utility metering applications, including energy, water, gas and heat meters. The utility meter design center features charts that take the user through all of the building blocks and considerations in creating a utility metering design, whether it is gas, water, heat or power. An Introduction to Metering supports those who are new to electronic design, offering an overview of the migration from mechanical meter designs to electronic-based solutions. The design center also features complete access to all of the company's metering application notes, reference designs, and other technical documentation to help engineers get their products to market more quickly and efficiently.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. is laying off about 50 mostly clerical workers at its facility at 725 Regional Road. Layoffs will happen Dec. 15. Some workers may be transferred to other locations. The employees were given 60 days' notice. A company spokesman was not available for comment about the reason for the layoffs. 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that a city advisory panel that earlier rejected Wal-Mart's plans for a store gave the company a favorable recommendation. The difference this time is that the company sought a change in the city's comprehensive development plan, instead of asking to rezone the land southeast of U.S. Highway 75 and Osage Ranch Drive. The earlier request conflicted with the development plan. The Planning Commission's 5-2 recommendation to change the plan was welcomed by WalMart, which wants to build a 100,000-square-foot Supercenter at the site.
American Eagle Outfitters Inc. announced it will create a new chain of clothing stores called Martin + Osa aimed at men and women 25 to 40 years old. The company, which has stores in Towne East Square and Towne West Square, plans to open up to five new stores in high-end shopping centers by next fall. The company hopes to develop a chain of 300 stores with $1 billion in sales within a decade.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is to build a logistic center in the Yangtze River Delta. Although Wal-Mart has entered China for ten year, it has only 49 stores across the country. In other words, it establish five stores alone every year, Joe Hatfield said, adding that this resulted from the differences between China's logistics, supplier and human resource systems and those of the US. Wal-Mart will open two more stores in Shanghai and about 25 ones around China next year, and meanwhile make great effort to solve problems between it and suppliers.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. expects to open its first area Supercenter store in Turnersville, N.J. The store will be open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The 201,000-square-foot store is an expansion of the existing Turnersville store, which opened in 1991 and was the first Wal-Mart in New Jersey. The Supercenter is 82,000 square feet larger than the original site. All told, Wal-Mart has 1,876 Supercenter stores across the country. A new Wal-Mart store will open in Audubon. The 135,543-square-foot store will be open from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. daily.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that it plans to open between 555 and 600 new stores globally in fiscal 2006. It expects to add more than 60 million square feet of gross retail space, which is an 8% increase from the current estimated fiscal year-end square footage. The company also plans to construct two new regional general merchandise distribution centers and three new food distribution centers during the next fiscal year. Combined, these five distribution centers are expected to add more than five million square feet of distribution space.
Rent-A-Center Inc. reported earnings results for the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2005. For the quarter, the company reported net earnings of $11,277,000 or $0.15 per diluted share on total revenues of $573,507,000, against the net earnings of $5,573,000 or $0.07 per diluted share on total revenues of $569,607,000 for the same period a year ago. For the nine months ended, the company reported net earnings of $100,688,000 or $1.34 per diluted share on total revenues of $1,755,894,000, against the net earnings of $108,976,000 or $1.34 per diluted share on total revenues of $1,727,972,000 for the same period a year ago.The company provides earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2005. For the fourth quarter, the Company expects total revenues to be in the range of $575 million to $583 million. Store rental and fee revenues are expected to be between $521 million and $526 million. Total store revenues are expected to be in the range of $565 million to $573 million. Same store sales are expected to be in the 1.0% to 2.0% range. Diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.43 to $0.47.For the full year of 2005, the Company expects total revenues to be in the range of $2.37 billion and $2.40 billion. Store rental and fee revenues are expected to be between $2.105 billion and $2.130 billion. Total store revenues are expected to be in the range of $2.332 billion and $2.362 billion. Same store sales are expected to be flat. Diluted earnings per share, when including stock option expense, are estimated to be in the range of $2.00 to $2.10, and $2.04 to $2.14, excluding stock option expense.In the fourth quarter, the Company expects to open 20-25 new store locations.In the full year of 2006, the Company expects to open 60-80 new store locations.
Northrop Grumman Corp. announced the selection of Mobile, Ala., as the site of its KC-30 Production Center. The company declared its intentions last month to compete for the U.S. Air Force's next-generation air refueling tanker program. The KC-30 production facility would be located adjacent to the EADS North America facility proposed for Mobile's Brookley Downtown Airport. The two assembly facilities are expected to employ 1,000 high-tech aerospace workers and also contribute to employment for hundreds of sub-contractor and suppler companies around the country. These employment figures would be in addition to the Airbus Engineering Center already planned at the airport.
Air Products & Chemicals Inc. announced that it has expanded its capacity of nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) by almost 50% to over 2,000 metric tons per year. The increased NF3 capacity, almost double the capacity of the number-two NF3 supplier, results from Air Products' expansion of its electronics specialty gases production facility in Hometown, Pennsylvania. The additional NF3 capacity is now fully on-stream.
HCA Inc. plans to expand its presence in Virginia by building a facility in the growing Fredericksburg area, according to sources familiar with the plans. The new hospital would be a 100-bed facility and would be built in the Massaponax area, along the heavily traveled Interstate 95, U.S. 1 and U.S. 17 corridor.
E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company could sell some businesses as part of a shareholder value creation effort that also includes share buybacks and restrictions on units to ensure they are earning at least the cost of capital.
McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurants Inc. reported financial results for the third quarter ended September 24, 2005. Revenues in the third quarter of 2005 increased 14.1% to $68.0 million from $59.6 million in the third quarter of 2004. Net income in the third quarter of 2005 was $2.0 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $3.3 million, or $0.27 per share, in the third quarter of 2004.Revenues for the nine months ended September 24, 2005 increased 13.2% to $196.8 million from $173.8 million in the same period a year ago. Comparable restaurant sales increased 2.7% through the first nine months of 2005. Net income for the nine months ended September 24, 2005 was $6.6 million compared to a net loss of $6.9 million in the prior year period.The Company expects fourth quarter 2005 revenues to be between $76.0 million and $78.0 million and a comparable restaurant sales increase of approximately 2.0% to 3.0%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be between $0.26 and $0.27. The Company expects 2005 revenues to be between $273 million and $275 million and a comparable restaurant sales increase of approximately 2.5% to 3.0%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be between $0.73 and $0.74.In the fourth quarter, the Company opened its sixth restaurant in 2005 in Pittsburgh, PA, and expects to open its seventh and final 2005 restaurant in Bellevue, WA, in November of 2005. The Company intends to open eight restaurants in 2006.
InFocus Corp. announnced that it would lay off 15 % of its global work force, about 80 employees, giving details of a job cut first announced last month. Forty-six jobs will be cut by the end of the year at InFocus' Wilsonville headquarters, where roughly 300 employees now work.
Armstrong World Industries Inc. will lay off 68 employees over the holidays. The layoffs are part of the closing down of commercial flooring operations at Armstrongs Lancaster floor plant. This round of layoffs will begin on or about Dec. 29, 2005.
Pixelworks Inc. announced that it laid off 7 % of its staff, about 36 jobs altogether from a staff of 500. Thirty of the layoffs were at the company's Tualatin headquarters.
PRA International reported earnings results for the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2005. Total revenue in the third quarter totaled $83.2 million against $77.9 million in the year-ago quarter. Net income totaled $9.2 million, or $0.38 per diluted share, compared to $6.0 million, or $0.29 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2004.For the nine months total revenue totaled $249.8 million compared to $229.7 million in the same period one year ago. Net income totaled $24.7 million, or $1.01 per diluted share, compared to $15.9 million, or $0.79 per diluted share, in the first nine months of 2004. The company revised earnings guidance for the year 2005. The Company revised upward its guidance for 2005 earnings per share from a previous range of $1.20-$1.24 to a new range of $1.32 - $1.36. The Company is also revising its 2005 revenue guidance downward, from $308 million to approximately $300 million for the year.The Company opened its new 106,000 square foot facility in Lenexa, Kansas. The planned expansion of an additional 42,000 square feet at that location is underway, with an expected completion date of November 2005. This facility consolidates PRA staff that had been in four separate locations, and houses a significant amount of PRA's data management and all of its document management services in one location.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. reported lower third-quarter profit on taxes paid on the repatriation of foreign earnings, though its core earnings beat forecasts. Starwood also said it was in talks with various parties on the sale of $2 billion to $4 billion of real estate assets that do not meet its "strategic criteria."
Solectron Corp. announced expansion of its capabilities in Guadalajara. The Guadalajara facility is Solectron's largest plant in the Americas with the addition of new capabilities and the creation of an Enclosure Center and a Technology Excellence Center. The facility will focus on providing printed circuit board assembly manufacturing and enclosures, system integration and state-of-the-art design and engineering services to Solectron's customers worldwide.
Lucent Technologies Inc. announced that it plans to shed 2,000 jobs next year and offset those cuts by hiring 1,000 people, some of whom will work at locations overseas. 
LTX Corp. announced that it has quietly reduced its headcount by 15%, or 77 employees, and moved to shut down its office in the United Kingdom. The job cuts follow a string of losses, management changes and an otherwise limited customer base at LTX (Westwood, Mass.).
Marathon Oil Corp. announced that it plans to pursue an expansion of its 245,000 barrel per day (bpd) Garyville, La., refinery. The project, currently estimated to cost approximately $2.2 billion, is expected to increase the refinery's crude throughput capacity by 180,000 bpd to 425,000 bpd, with completion possibly as early as the fourth quarter 2009. The initial phase of the expansion will include front-end engineering and design (FEED) work that could lead to the start of construction in 2007. The final investment decision is subject to completion of the FEED and the receipt of applicable permits.
NII Holdings Inc. announced consolidated financial results for the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2005. The Company reported consolidated operating revenues of $452 million, a 39% increase as compared to the third quarter of 2004. The Company reported third quarter consolidated net income of $49 million, or $0.65 per basic share compared to net income of $22.6 million, or $0.30 per basic share for the same period a year ago.For the nine months, the Company reported consolidated operating revenues of $1,233.2 million as compared $917 million in the third quarter of 2004. The Company reported third quarter consolidated net income of $125 million, or $1.73 per basic share compared to net income of $0.6 million, or $0.01 per basic share for the same period a year ago.The company provides earnings guidance for the year ending December 31, 2005. The company expects to report consolidated operating income before depreciation and amortization of $475 million. In brazil, the Company plans to add an additional four cities by year end, including the city of Porto Alegre - a city with 2.2 million pops. This plan will bring Nextel brazil's total pop coverage to about 56 million, or nearly 50% of GDP in brazil. In total, the expansion plans in Mexico and brazil will add over 20 million covered pops to NII Holding's network in 2005.
Ford Motor Co. allocated $150 million to establish an automobile assembly unit in Vsevolzhsk of the Leningrad region. 12 domestic producers are equipment suppliers of the project.
Borders Group Inc. will open five new stores next month in Baybrook, Texas in the Baybrook Passage Shopping Center, located at the intersection of Interstate 45 and Bay Area Boulevard, near NASA's Johnson Space Center. Scottsdale, Arizona in the new Waterfront project, located at 7135 E. Camelback Road, adjacent to the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall. Albuquerque, New Mexico in the Cottonwood Corners Shopping Center, located at the intersection of Coors Bypass and Ellison Drive. Everett, Washington in the Everett Mall, located at the intersection of Everett Mall Way and Interstate 5. Suwannee, Georgia in the Johns Creek Town Center, located at the intersection of Johns Creek Parkway and McGinnis Ferry Road. The 23,000-square-foot store will be the 13th Borders store in the Atlanta metro area.
CGI-AMS Inc. will invest $6 million to open a software development and systems integration facility in Russell County's Russell Regional Business Technology Park. CGI-AMS provides information technology (IT) services to the government and private sector, and will create 300 new jobs within 30 months.
Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. announced that it plans to expand its capacity for corn-derived ethanol, an alternative fuel source, from about 4 billion gallons now to 6 billion by the end of 2007. The company's ethanol business has expanded with the surge in oil and gasoline prices. The company also said it would spend as much as $1 billion in coming years in biodegradable plastics, which he said have a cost advantage of petroleum-based plastics.
Del Laboratories Inc. has ended a round of layoffs that reduced headcount by 55. The company, which expects to take a one-time severance charge of about $2 million, said it expects savings of about $6.7 million per year from the round of pink slips.
Dow Jones & Co.'s stock price gained as much as 4% in heavy volume on October 27th amid renewed speculation that the publisher may be a takeover candidate. Analysts said the latest speculation seemed to be prompted by an item on an Internet site that posts merger and acquisition rumors. Shares of Dow Jones have been on a roller coaster ride in recent months, fueled by a series of unconfirmed news reports that younger members of the Bancroft family are eager to sell the company. 
Tecumseh Products Co. will cease engine assembly operations in Corinth, Miss. and consolidate activities at its facility in Dunlap, Tenn. 280 people will be affected by the shutdown. Layoffs are expected to begin by Dec. 31.
Dell Inc. laid off hundreds of employees, the company's largest cuts in Austin since it downsized after the tech bust in 2001. Dell spokesman Jess Blackburn declined to say how many jobs the company eliminated but said it's probably a fair characterization that it's the most significant since Dell laid off 5,700 workers in 2001. The company eliminated 150 jobs when it downsized its local data centers in fall 2002 and cut another 141 employees from its product development group about five months later. 
Kaiser Aluminum Corp. announced a major expansion at its Trentwood, Wash., rolling mill to address the significant growth in demand for fabricated aluminum products. The $75 million expansion is slated to proceed over the next three years with full online capacity available in 2008. The expansion includes the addition of a state-of-the-art thick plate stretcher, horizontal heat treat furnaces, an ultrasonic inspection system and other ancillary equipment to complement existing capabilities for light gauge plate and sheet at the facility. The new equipment will enable Kaiser to supply heavy gauge heat treat stretched plate in thicknesses of up to 8-10 inches to the aerospace and general engineering markets worldwide.
Novell Inc. announced fiscal quarter ending Oct. 31, employees and observers await an official announcement from CEO Jack Messman. Sources expect more than 1,000 of the company's 5,800 employees will be let go. Novell would not confirm that information.
Cytec Industries Inc. announced that it has completed expansion of its plant in Mount Pleasant, Tennessee to increase production capacity for metal extractant products that are of critical importance to the copper mining industry. The Mount Pleasant facility, which employs about 145 people, produces a variety of specialty chemicals, including metal extractant products used in copper mining. The expansion will allow the plant to increase its output of these products by approximately 50%.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. announces the opening of The Westin Bellevue, the first in the Pacific Northwest to showcase the latest trend in sophisticated contemporary living, combining deluxe hotel amenities with luxury residential living. The newly constructed hotel, managed by Westin, is located 15 minutes east of downtown Seattle at 600 Bellevue Way NE and is the centerpiece of Lincoln Square, an upscale 1.4-million-square-foot mixed-use development project by Kemper Development Company. The project is situated directly across the street from Bellevue Square, one of the most successful shopping centers in the region. At a prestigious 42-stories, The Westin Bellevue is the tallest building on the Eastside of Lake Washington featuring sweeping views of the Seattle skyline, Mount Rainier, and Lake Washington. The 337-room hotel occupies the first 19 floors, with floors 20 through 42 dedicated to the project's 148 luxury residential units.
Sprint Nextel Corp. started an online store that lets people download songs to their handsets. Customers can get two versions of songs, one for cellphones and one for computers, for $2.50.
General Motors plans to add a third production shift at its plant in Wilmington, Del., in January to start building the new Saturn Sky and the Opel roadster. The plant already produces the Pontiac Solstice, and the new shift will also help to fill thousands of orders for the Solstice that GM has already received. 
Time Warner Inc. announced that it had fired 250 to 300 employees at its Burbank studio. Another 100 people will lose their jobs in the studio's international operations.
Tandy Leather Factory Inc. reported financial results for the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2005. Consolidated net income for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 was $696,000 compared to consolidated net income of $427,000 for the third quarter of 2004. Fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.06, compared to $0.04 in the same quarter of last year. Total sales for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 increased 11.3% to $11.8 million from $10.6 million for the same quarter last year. Consolidated sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2005 were $36.7 million, an increase of 8.7% over $33.7 million, total sales for the first nine months of 2004. Consolidated net income for the first nine months of 2005 was $2.5 million or $0.23 per fully-diluted share versus $1.9 million or $0.17 per fully-diluted share in the comparable period last year. The company is re-iterating its 2005 guidance of $48-51 million in revenue and EPS of 30-34 cents.The Company plans to open 12 Tandy Leather retail stores in 2006.The company estimates consolidated net sales for 2006 will be in the range of $50 to $54 million. Diluted EPS for 2006 is expected to be in the range of $0.35 to $0.38.
Novell Inc. announced that it plans to cut some 600 jobs, or more than 10% of its worldwide workforce, by the end of its first fiscal quarter under a restructuring. The company said it would overhaul its operations to focus on key growth opportunities in Linux and open-source software, as well as the identity and resource management markets.
According to sources, the battle for fitness chain operator Bally Total Fitness Holding Corp.appears headed for a climax, as the company is expected to begin auctioning itself or offering a large minority stake to buyout shops. The sale is expected to get under way after the health club chain releases restated financials at the end of the month, say several individuals following the company. An open auction of the company has been a goal of activist investors, who have continually hammered Bally management to put the company on the block. Absent an outright sale, they want the company to open more board seats to individuals from outside the company.
Ford Motor Co. will make more than 1,000 of its 19,000 workforce redundant at its Cologne plant by the year's end. Some 300 could also be dismissed from the company's plant at Saarlouis in the Saarland state. It quoted a management letter to staff saying the US parent company's latest bad results and a generally difficult economic context required large-scale restructuring.
FedEx Corporation plans to significantly increase its fleet of hybrid-electric medium-duty diesel trucks in 2006, concentrating the expansion in states that provide tax credits for advanced vehicle technology, according to company sources. The increase gives the global shipping provider one of the largest and most viable commercial hybrid truck fleets in the country. FedEx will quadruple its hybrid truck fleet, from 18 to near 80 vehicles, by next spring. That commitment comes at a time when the commercial trucking industry seeks to advance hybrid vehicle programs across several classes of trucks, including the largest (class-8). FedEx is focusing on class-4 E700s, which are the ubiquitous white delivery trucks that FedEx deploys. FedEx began deploying its E700s (hybrids) in early 2004.
General Motors Corporation announced that it will invest $20 million at its Shreveport, La., truck assembly plant to increase production of its Hummer H3, Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon midsize pickups. The investment is expected to be completed by early next year. GM also plans to add a third production shift to its paint department during the first quarter.
Intel Corp. launched its upgraded Fab 12 semiconductor plant at its Ocotillo campus. The plant, at 4500 S. Dobson Road in Chandler, has been converted from a 200 millimeter to a 300 millimeter fabrication facility. The $2 billion conversion began in 2004, involved more than 1,000 contract workers and took 15 months. The plant will be ramping up gradually and will be at full capacity next year. The first product from Fab 12 will be shipped out early next year. Fab 12 is Intel's' fifth 300-millimeter factory and the second that Intel has upgraded with the latest technology. Intel's sixth 300-millimeter facility, the $3 billion Fab 32, is under construction at the Ocotillo campus, and will be up and running in late 2007.
Coca-Cola Co.'s expansion of its bottling plant in Nanning, in the southwest province of Guangxi Zhuang, has been completed with the plant now in operation. With a total investment of CNY 113 million ( $13.97 million), the expansion involved the installation of three bottling-lines. The annual production capacity is now 22 million standard cases.
The Home Depot Inc. recently launched Westgate Alabang Home Depot, the fourth outlet after Cebu Home and Builders in Cebu City, Mactan Home and Builders in Mactan, Cebu and Ortigas Home Depot in Ortigas Center, Pasig City. Built on an 11,000-square meter property, the Alabang outlet is a twin-level, fully enclosed and well-ventilated depot.
Sunoco Inc. announced that it would invest $1.8 billion over the next three years in its oil refineries, with an emphasis on increasing capacity by 11% to one million barrels per day.
Valero Energy Corp. has announced that it hopes to expand the processing capacity of its Aruba refinery by 37,000 b/d to between 275,000 b/d and 285,000 b/d. Valero is also considering a US$5-billion expansion project that would raise the refinery's capacity to 400,000 b/d. Valero completed the acquisition of the refinery in Aruba from El Paso Corp. in March 2004. The refinery processes mainly heavy crude, and its main export market is the United States. Significance: A refining capacity deficit in the Atlantic Basin has meant that the Caribbean has become more attractive as a potential location for new refineries or for projects to expand existing ones, especially since a combination of environmental regulations and a myriad of local and federal regulations has meant that no new refinery has been built in the United States for at least 28 years.
Far this fiscal year, Urban Outfitters Inc. has opened 20 new stores and maintains its plan to open a total of 30 to 32 new stores, including 4 Free People stores, in the fiscal 2006. 
According to sources, Vonage Holdings Corp. is both preparing for an initial public offering of stock that could raise as much as $600 million and exploring selling itself to a larger company at a price that could top $2 billion. Venture investors, including Bain Capital, 3i Group PLC, Meritech Capital Partners, Institutional Venture Partners and New Enterprise Associates, have poured $408 million into Vonage, of Edison, N.J., and are likely ready to start collecting a payout.
Costco Wholesale Corp. reported sales results for the four weeks and nine weeks ended October 30, 2005. For the four weeks, the company reported net sales of $4.26 billion, an increase of 12% from $3.79 billion in the same four-week period of the prior fiscal year.For the first 9-weeks of its fiscal year ended October 30, 2005, the Company reported net sales of $9.40 billion, an increase of 13% from $8.32 billion during the similar 9-week period of the prior fiscal year.The Company plans to open an additional seven new warehouses prior to the end of calendar year 2005.
Raytheon Co. announced that about 50 employees from its engineering and information-technology departments in Aurora that they will be laid off.
Wynn Resorts Ltd. to lay off more workers after reporting a third-quarter loss of nearly $14.2 million. After trimming 1,400 jobs from its opening day work force of 9,600, more cuts will be made Monday at the $2.7 billion Strip hotel-casino. The reduction in full-time workers will be another major adjustment, since the megaresort debuted April 28, The job reduction process historically requires six to 12 months to complete.
Covance Inc. Continues Aggressive Lab Capacity Expansion Program with Nearly $200 Million in New Capital Construction. With one facility under construction and another planned for, Covance, Incorporated is making sure it will have adequate drug development capacity to meet forecasted market demand.
Coach, Inc. announced the opening of its first Southern California freestanding flagship location. It is located in the heart of one of the most prestigious shopping stretches in the country: Rodeo Drive, and reflects the new design direction that the company is incorporating in all its new stores. The flagship offers a full selection of Coach products, including handbags, small leather goods, business cases, weekend and travel accessories, footwear, watches, outerwear, jewelry, sunwear and related accessories.
Chevron Corp. announced that it had identified 550 jobs to be eliminated after its $17.3-billion acquisition of independent oil and gas producer Unocal this summer.
Anheuser-Busch Companies Inc. has formed a separate spirits subsidiary. The company said its Long Tail Libations Inc., based in St. Louis, will develop, test and market distilled spirits, including its first product, Jekyll & Hyde. Jekyll is a 60-proof scarlet-red product with a wild berry flavor, and Hyde is 80-proof black in color.
Ford Motor Co. plans to cut about 1,500 production jobs this quarter at some plants it took back from Visteon Corp. Ford plans to close two of the former Visteon operations and is looking to sell 13 of the plants.
Computer Associates International Inc. announced that it would divest its Ingres open-source-database unit. Under terms, Garnett & Helfrich Capital, a Menlo Park, Calif., private-equity firm, becomes majority shareholder in the new company, Ingres Corp. CA took a stake in Ingres and has one seat on its board. Financial terms weren't disclosed.
Diagnostic Products Corp. announced the release outside the US of its assay for N-terminal prohormone brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP). NT-proBNP is a diagnostic marker of congestive heart failure (CHF) and is a prognostic marker of CHF and acute coronary syndromes (ACS). The assay has received CE approval for sale in the EU and is available immediately on DPC's IMMULITE(R) 2000 and IMMULITE(R) 2500 immunoassay systems. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) is released from the left ventricle when the heart cannot pump blood efficiently. It improves cardiac function by dilating blood vessels and inducing the loss of water and sodium to reduce the fluid burden on the heart. When BNP is cleaved from the precursor molecule proBNP, NT-proBNP is released. NT-proBNP and BNP levels offer similar information but NT-proBNP has the advantage of greater stability in patient samples.
Georgia Pacific Corp. announced that, Board of directors approved a regular quarterly dividend of 17.5 cents per share. The dividend is payable Nov. 28, 2005, to shareholders of record Nov. 18, 2005.The board also approved capital funding of more than $100 million for the expansion of the Savannah, Ga., gypsum facility. This expansion, along with other modernization programs across the company's gypsum division, will support the growing, proprietary Dens(R) product lines as well as its overall ToughRock(R) gypsum business. The project will include improvements to the gypsum rock handling system, a new mill and related systems, and a new wallboard manufacturing line. Capacity of the new wallboard line is approximately 650 million square feet of 1/2 inch wallboard, which will be used to help meet growing demand in the region in both the retail and commercial markets. The project, which will more than double production at the facility, is expected to be completed in early 2007.
Maytag Corp. announced that it would close a laundry plant in South Carolina, affecting about 60 employees. The company expects to record charges of $40 million to $50 million as a result of the closure.
McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurants Inc. announced the opening of its Bellevue, Wash., restaurant. This is the Company's fifth restaurant in the state of Washington, and 59th restaurant nationwide. This is its seventh and final restaurant opening of 2005. The Bellevue McCormick & Schmick's is located at 700 Bellevue Way, Lincoln Square - a developing cultural center focused on shopping, dining, entertainment, hotels and business outlets.
Novell Inc. announced that announced 20 jobs were lost in the Waltham office. To cut costs, Novell plans to slash 10% of its workforce, or about 600 jobs, and hire Citigroup to explore selling off its Celerant Consulting subsidiary.
Syntel Inc. announced that it would be setting up development centres in Tier 2 cities to drive down costs and leverage the advantages of being among the first movers to these cities.
Diebold Inc. has built a place to put it all together. The company spent more than $10 million to place under one roof the 38,000 parts it makes and 36,000 monthly orders it fills. The result is a 165,000-square-foot building near Akron-Canton Airport that combines the contents of warehouses in Seville and Mogadore into one modern facility.
Six Flags Inc. has said that it expects to receive final takeover offers from financial and strategic suitors by early December, with a final decision made by year-end. Six Flags said pared the list of potential buyers after receiving initial buyout offers earlier this month. So far, the bidders have submitted individual offers rather than forming bidding groups as seen in other buyout deals this year. Six Flags declined to name its bidders or discuss whether the auction included any international companies.
Blockbuster Inc. plans to reduce costs, cut jobs, close stores, jettison unprofitable operations and raise additional capital. In addition to raising additional capital, the company plans to slash overhead expenses by $100 million in 2006 by reducing advertising costs, trimming capital spending and cutting an unspecified number of jobs in the first quarter. Blockbuster will continue to close 100 to 150 stores next year, but unlike in previous years, it won't open a similar number of stores.
Wal-Mart Super Center that would anchor a shopping center off Route 222 in Spring Township would replace the company's Wyomissing location. The Wyomissing store, which is less than a mile from the proposed site along Broadcasting Road, would close.
NetSol Technologies Inc. announced that the new face and culture of its wholly owned subsidiary, NetSolCQ, and the LeaseSoft brand, will be officially launched to clients and the industry on November 17, 2005, at London's opulent Café Royal. CQ Systems Ltd. now known as NetSolCQ, following its acquisition by NetSol Technologies in February 2005, has been transformed into an international organization offering an improved, innovative range of high quality leasing and finance software solutions for its clients under the product name of LeaseSoft. The LeaseSoft suite of products incorporates both CQ Systems and NetSol Technologies solutions, which are now available from the global group under the brand name LeaseSoft. The product family includes LeaseSoft Contract Management System ( CMS ), LeaseSoft Credit Application Processing ( CAP ), LeaseSoft Wholesale Finance System ( WFS ), LeaseSoft EPOS and LeaseSoft Premium Finance ( PF ).
Chesapeake Corp. announced that it plans further plant closures and work force reductions as part of a broad cost-cutting program, announcing the restructuring in tandem.The company reported earnings results for the third quarter of 2005. The company's third-quarter results are a sharp drop from year-ago profit of $5.4 million, or 28 cents per share. Revenue decreased to $254.8 million in the period from $256.6 million in the 2004 quarter.The company revised earnings guidance for the year 2005. The company slashed its year-end guidance by nearly half. Chesapeake now expects earnings of 45 cents to 60 cents per share, excluding costs associated with the restructuring and debt repayment. Previously, the company had forecast earnings of 80 cents to $1 per share.
Northwest Airlines wants to outsource the jobs of about 5,000 baggage handlers, customer service agents and other ground workers. Under the Northwest proposal, the airline would keep just 3,100 such workers on its payroll. And all of them would work in either the Twin Cities or Detroit hub.
Smurfit-Stone Container Corp. reported earnings results for the third quarter of 2005. For the quarter, the company reported net loss of $229 million. Quarterly net sales fell to $2.1 billion from $2.2 billion a year earlier.The company announced that it will close up to 20% of its U.S. corrugated-container plants in three years, lay off as many as 3,000 workers and possibly sell part or all of its 7,000-person consumer-packaging operations. The company will close up to 40 corrugated-container plants under the new strategy; it didn't identify them.
According to sources, Exxon Mobil Corp. will award the tender for its share of the Block A gas field in northwestern Aceh province in the first quarter of 2006. ConocoPhillips operates the gas field and owns 50% of Block A, while Exxon holds a 50% non-operating stake in the block.
Cabela's Inc. announced lay off of about 70 employees. Layoffs were about evenly divided between the stores. The company announced that the laid-off employees will be eligible for recall once traffic improves.
Altria Group Inc. announced that its Philip Morris would expand cigarette production by 25% next year to meet growing domestic demand and enable it to export overseas. The expansion, which would bring total annual output to 30 billion sticks from the current 24 billion, is ongoing and would be completed by March next year. The company has begun bringing in more machinery to its USD 300 million factory in Batangas province in northern Philippines.
Merit Medical Systems Inc. announced the opening of its new facilities in South Jordan at 1600 W. Merit Parkway (9800 S. Redwood Road). The completions of a two-year construction project expanded Merit's capacity in Utah by more than 180,000 square feet. The $24 million project has nearly doubled Merit's existing square footage, paving the way for increased production.
Odyssey Value Advisors, LLC suggested that the eDiets Board consider engaging a nationally recognized banker to explore the sale of the company and maximize shareholder value. Odyssey Value suspect that there could be numerous potential acquirers that would be interested in the company. Potential acquirers include, but are not limited to, major internet portals, other diet and fitness companies, major media companies, pharmaceutical companies, or insurance companies. Odyssey Value said that a sale of the company at $8 plus per share would be greatly welcomed by all shareholders.
Alcoa announced a USD 83 million (€70 million) investment in a major modernization project at Alcoa-Kofem Ltd., its operations in Hungary. The modernization includes the expansion of flat-rolled mill products capability and related infrastructure, addition of Dura-Bright(R) aluminum wheel production in Hungary, and launching a new manufacturing operation for airfoil castings. The modernization project will create nearly 200 new jobs at Alcoa-Kofem. Alcoa expects the project to be completed by the end of 2007. The core of the investment is the modernization of Alcoa-Kofem's Flat Rolled Products manufacturing unit, which involves expansion of its brazing sheet capability to offer a full range of gauges. Brazing sheet is used primarily in the automotive and heat exchanger markets. Kofem currently produces sheet, coil and some brazing sheet at Szekesfehervar. In addition, Alcoa-Kofem, which has been producing forged aluminum wheels since 1997, will begin production of Dura-Bright(R) aluminum wheels in Hungary.
Jo-Ann Stores Inc. announced consolidated earnings results for the third quarter and nine months ended October 29, 2005. For the quarter, the company reported net loss of $4.1 million or $0.18 per diluted share on net sales of $474.2 million against net income of $6.9 million or $0.30 per diluted share on net sales of $448.3 million for the same period a year ago. For the nine months, the company reported net loss of $5.0 million or $0.22 per diluted share on net sales of $1,278.7 million against net income of $13.9 million or $0.61 per diluted share on net sales of $1,224.2 million for the same period a year ago. The company provides earnings guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006. For the quarter, the company expects same-store sales could range from a decline of 3% to an increase of 1%.The Company opened 11 superstores and one traditional store in the third quarter and closed 17 traditional stores. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, the Company has opened an additional 12 superstores and one traditional store, and closed ten traditional stores. Year-to-date, the Company has opened 40 superstores and four traditional stores, and closed 50 traditional stores. For the balance of the year, the Company expects to close four traditional stores.
Environmental Tectonics Corp. announced the construction of ETC's Tactical Flight Simulation and Aviation Training and Research Center. The Center will open in January 2007 and will offer a complete range of aviation training and research support services. The cornerstone of ETC's Tactical Flight Simulation and Aviation Training and Research Center is the ATFS-400B, Authentic Tactical Flight Simulator. The ATFS-400B is the latest generation of ETC Tactical Flight Simulators. It combines the latest available flight simulation technology to optimize flight fidelity. This technology includes high fidelity aircraft specific cockpits; offensive and defensive mission systems; realistic, wide field of view visual displays; and virtual battle space. Pilots will practice critical combat skills in a safe, controlled and economical environment with realism that is rivaled only by actually flying the aircraft. Additionally, ETC's Tactical Flight Simulation and Aviation Training and Research Center will be a one stop shopping experience for world-class training and research support.
Key Energy Services Inc. reported revenue results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2005. For the quarter, the company reported total revenues of $309,493,000, against the total revenues of $259,073,000 for the same period a year ago. The company also announced that it would open a new well servicing and pressure pumping facility in the southern Barnett Shale of the Fort Worth Basin due to increased customer demand and service opportunities in this region. The Company anticipates that the new facility, which should be operational in second quarter 2006, will provide additional well service rigs and approximately 20,000 horsepower of pressure pumping equipment. This facility is also expected to provide electric wireline services.
Safeway Inc. announced the launch of RanchersReserve.com, an online food store offering premium quality USDA-inspected tender Angus beef and specialty foods. Ideal for holiday gift-giving, RanchersReserve.com beef, the cornerstone of this premium service, comes with a 100% tender guarantee. Grain-fed and aged to perfection, experts carefully select and trim every exceptionally tender cut of RanchersReserve.com beef by hand.
GulfMark Offshore Inc. announced it has reached an agreement to build six new 10,700 BHP Anchor Handling, Tug Supply (AHTS) vessels for a total cost of approximately $140 million. The vessels are of a new design developed with the builder and incorporate Dynamic Positioning 2 and have a large carrying capacity anticipated to be in excess of 2,700 tons. Keppel Singmarine Pte Ltd. will build the vessels in Southeast Asia, with the first vessel to be delivered in the third quarter of 2007 followed by one each quarter thereafter until the final delivery in the third quarter of 2008. Construction costs related to this program will be funded from cash flow from operations supplemented as necessary by the Company's existing credit facilities. The new vessels, however, are capable of being used in other regions where mid-sized AHTSs are required. With the addition of these new AHTSs to the fleet, it will bring the fleet of owned vessels to 56 in 2008 when the last vessel is delivered. Without additional changes, at the conclusion of this expansion, the fleet would be comprised of 56 owned and 10 managed vessels.
General Electric Co. celebrated 'GE Day' with key announcements on new landmarks on Qatar's horizon - a new corporate office building in Doha and a master plan to open a new GE Oil & Gas service center in Ras Laffan. The new GE Corporate multi-storey office building, located on the C-Ring Road and occupying a total space of 8,000 square meters, will house the company's wide range of businesses from energy, water technologies and security to advanced materials, healthcare as well as the consumer and industrial division responsible for appliances and lighting.
Lockheed Martin Corp. is enhancing its unique Center for Innovation by adding net- enabled air combat simulation capability to its powerful network-centric laboratory. Two simulators, conceived to investigate emerging and future capabilities of the world's only 5th generation fighters in production and development, the F/A-22 Raptor and F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft, will provide unprecedented opportunities to test new capabilities, technologies, interoperability and operational concepts within the framework of the network- centric battlespace. As the world's only fifth-generation fighters, the F/A-22 and F-35 are the first aircraft to combine stealth and supersonic speed with the ability to exchange vast amounts of battlespace-critical data with a wide array of combat assets in the air, on the surface and in space.
American Eagle Outfitters Inc. plans to open 40 to 50 new stores over the next three to five years at North American shopping malls, urban locations and other areas. It will also continue to renovate existing stores.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. and Intrawest Corporation announced the opening of the 222-suite luxury condominium hotel, The Westin Trillium House Blue Mountain in the heart of the newly developed 32-acre resort known as the Village at Blue Mountain in Collingwood, Ontario. Intrawest Corporation is operating the hotel under a franchise agreement with Westin Hotels & Resorts.
Hedge fund K Capital Partners, the largest shareholder in OfficeMax Inc., put more pressure on the office-supplies retailer to consider selling itself and called for corporate-governance changes that would make a takeover of the company easier. K Capital has been critical of OfficeMax for the better part of a year and has repeatedly suggested a sale. This spring, the hedge fund mounted a proxy contest; it was called off after the company agreed to appoint another independent director. K Capital holds 8.6% of OfficeMax shares, making it the largest investor according to the most recent securities filings. OfficeMax has struggled of late, posting losses in three consecutive quarters. It has reported accounting troubles, restated results and in February its chief executive resigned under pressure. These woes have come amid comparatively good times for its larger rivals, Staples Inc. and Office Depot Inc., both of which enjoy higher operating-profit margins. Over the past year, OfficeMax's share price is off about 10%, while Staples is up about 15% and Office Depot more than 60%. OfficeMax closed at $28.01, down 79 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading. 
Too Inc. announced earnings results for the third quarter and nine months ended October 29, 2005. For the quarter, the company reported net income of $16,003,000 or basic and diluted EPS of $0.48 on net sales of $203,519,000 against net income of $11,411,000 or basic and diluted EPS of $0.33 on net sales of $174,987,000 for the same quarter a year ago. The company reported operating income of $24,292,000 against operating income of $17,979,000 for the same quarter a year ago.For nine months to October 29, the company reported net income of $27,379,000 or diluted EPS of $0.80 on net sales of $522,867,000 against net income of $18,039,000 or basic and diluted EPS of $0.52 on net sales of $469,072,000 for the same period a year ago. The company reported operating income of $40,972,000 against operating income of $27,930,000 for the same period a year ago.Too said it expects fourth quarter earnings per share to increase 19% to 22%, to a range of $0.80 to $0.82 per share, based on an estimated comparable store sales increase in the mid-single digit range for the period. Too Inc. reported net income of $23.6 million, or $0.67 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter, 2004.Too's Board of Directors has amended the company's share repurchase program to restore the amount that may be used to repurchase shares to $125 million over a two year period beginning November 17, 2005. There can be no assurance that the Company will repurchase any shares under the amended share repurchase program. Since the original authorization by the Board in November 2004, the company has repurchased approximately 2.7 million shares of its common stock.The company announced that Justice opened 20 stores during the 2005 third quarter, including its first locations in Colorado, Mississippi, New York and Oklahoma. As of November 16, 2005, the company has opened 52 Justice stores this year and expects to open 5 more before the end of November, finishing the year at 92 stores. Limited Too remodeled 11 existing stores during the quarter, opened 9 new stores The company announced that Limited Too closed 1 underperforming store for the quarter ended October 29, 2005.
Avon Products Inc. will cut jobs and move some operations overseas to save as much as $500 million US. Avon plans substantial cuts in the workforce and may move some operations outside the United States.
Caterpillar Inc. has also axed 50 jobs at its Desford site. Last month, it announced 400 jobs could be lost after it decided to relocate part of its production overseas in a bid to save costs.
Maytag Corp. announced that it expects to close its laundry plant in Florence, S.C., by early next year, citing the need to reduce excess capacity. The decision will affect about 60 workers.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. announced plans to build a new St. Regis property in Atlanta. Among its extraordinary amenity offering, St. Regis Hotel, Atlanta will feature a signature St. Regis restaurant, St. Regis Butler service, a spacious Remede Spa, a stunning outdoor courtyard with dramatic water features, an outdoor fireplace and swimming pool. Reputed for working with the finest architects and designers in their field, St. Regis will unveil a landmark building designed by architectural firm Rabun Hogan Ota Rasche and award-winning interior design firm Hirsch Bedner. The perfect setting for a wedding or other grand occasion, the hotel will boast a magnificent 9,200 square foot ballroom, unmatched in the region. Designed with the input of some of Atlanta's leading event planners, the beautifully-appointed, dramatically-lit ballroom is destined to host Atlanta's leading social events. The ballroom facility will feature a generous pre-function space as well as an outdoor terrace. In addition, a separate entertainment terrace located above the pool will be ideal for tented outdoor events.
Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. said that it was shutting down Inside TV magazine seven months after launching it. The company will eliminate Inside TV's 40 staff positions. The magazine, which sold for $1.99 per copy, did not sell well at newsstands. 
Labor Ready Inc. reaffirmed earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2005. For the quarter, the company expects net income per share to be between $0.24 and $0.26 and revenue is expected to be between $325 and $330 million For the year 2005, the company expects net income per share to be between $1.13 and $1.15 and revenue expected to be in the range of $1.225 to $1.230 billion.The company provides earnings guidance for the full year of 2006, the company expects net income per share to be between $1.30 and $1.35, revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.370 to $1.390 billion. The company also announced plans to open 40 branches in 2006 and finish 2005 with approximately 890 branches. The company anticipates opening most of its new locations in the first two quarters of 2006.
Greatbatch Inc. announced that it is closing two facilities, one in Columbia, Md., and another Fremont, Calif., to consolidate operations and cut costs. The research, development, engineering and product development functions at both facilities will be moved to the company's technology center in Clarence, N.Y. The company was not clear on how many, if any, of the facilities' approximately 100 employees will lose their jobs over the next 18 months until the closings are completed.
ExxonMobil Corp. may sell its 30% stake in the 750 million barrel-of-oil-equivalent Victoria natural gas field in the Norwegian Sea by the end of November. Earlier this year, ExxonMobil said it put the field - the biggest undeveloped discovery in Norway - on the market to "test the value" of the asset. Spokesman Jone Stangeland said his company would decide to sell, swap or keep the asset by late November or early December. 
According to sources, Interpublic Group of Cos. may have to sell assets as part of a plan to reorganize the company. While Interpublic's Chief Executive Michael Roth said earlier this week that it's not the right time for a sale, he may be open to future transactions, sources said. 
MedImmune Inc. announced the first phase of what could be a huge expansion of its Frederick manufacturing operations, a potential $900 million investment that would quadruple employment and increase production capacity 36 times. The first phase, with a $400 million price tag, will double the Frederick work force to about 450 and increase production capacity six-fold by late 2009. Before then, by the end of 2008, the biopharmaceutical company will add 840 new jobs, mostly at its expanding headquarters and research-and-development laboratory in Gaithersburg.
BEA Systems Inc. announced new executive appointments. Effective immediately, Mark Carges will lead the Business Interaction Division, as executive vice president, reporting to Chuang. Rob Levy will assume the role of chief technology officer, effective immediately. In his new role as chief technology officer, Levy will lead the company's efforts to incubate new technology areas and foster BEA's commitment to technological innovations and open standards. Levy continues to report to Wai Wong, executive vice president, products.The new division will be central to the company's AquaLogic brand, focused on enabling enterprise portals, collaborative communities and composite applications. The Plumtree products have been re-branded as the AquaLogic User Interaction suite of products.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has announced plans to build a 880,000-square-foot food distribution center here. The distribution center would be the first in Minnesota for Wal-Mart, which says 500 to 700 new full-time jobs will result. The distribution center will support Wal-Mart grocery stores in Minnesota, the Dakotas, Wisconsin and Iowa. It's expected to begin operating in 2008.
Starbucks Corp. announced earnings results for the fourth quarter and full year ended October 2, 2005. For the quarter, the company announced net earnings of $123,747,000 or $0.16 diluted net earnings per share on total net revenue of $1,659,241,000 against net earnings of $102,603,000 or $0.12 diluted net earnings per share on total net revenue of $1,453,297,000 for the year ago quarter. Proforma net income for the quarter was $108,338,000 or $0.14 proforma diluted earnings per share against proforma net income of $89,585,000 or $0.11 proforma diluted earnings per share for the year ago period.For the full year, the company announced net earnings of $494,467,000 or $0.61 diluted net earnings per share on total net revenue of $6,369,300,000 against net earnings of $388,973,000 or $0.47 diluted net earnings per share on total net revenue of $5,294,247,000 for the year ago period. Proforma net income for the quarter was $435,725,000 or $0.53 proforma diluted earnings per share against proforma net income of $343,917,000 or $0.42 proforma diluted earnings per share for the year ago period.Starbucks plans to open approximately 1,800 new stores on a global basis in fiscal 2006. In the United States, Starbucks plans to open approximately 700 Company-operated locations and 600 licensed locations. In International markets, Starbucks plans to open approximately 150 Company-operated stores and 350 licensed stores.The Company is targeting total net revenue growth of approximately 20% and continues to expect comparable store sales growth in the range of 3% to 7% in fiscal 2006, with monthly anomalies; The Company is targeting earnings per share of $0.63 to $0.65 for fiscal 2006, including stock compensation expense estimated at approximately $0.09 per share. On a comparable basis including stock compensation expense, Starbucks expects full year and quarterly earnings per share growth for fiscal 2006 to be consistent with the Company's longer-term 20% to 25% targeted range.
ICT Group Inc. plans to shut down its Parkersburg call center at the end of the year and lay off 131 workers. The workers include 124 telephone sales representatives.
Aeropostale Inc. reported results for the third quarter and nine months ended October 29, 2005. Net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2005 was $26.1 million or $0.47 per diluted share against net income of $31.7 million or $0.55 per diluted share in the third quarter of last year. Net sales for the third quarter of fiscal 2005 increased 18.2% to $324.7 million against net sales of $274.6 million in the third quarter of last year. Comparable store sales for the third quarter decreased 1.5% against an increase of 5.4% last year.For the nine months, the company reported net income of $42,148,000 or $0.75 per diluted share on net sales of $769,101,000 against the net income of $48,844,000 or $0.85 per diluted share on net sales of $637,122,000 for the same period in previous year.The company announced its earnings guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005. The company noted that it expects to achieve fourth quarter earnings in the range of $0.55 - $0.61 per diluted share and expects to achieve a comparable store decrease in the low to mid single digits.The company announced that its board of directors approved an increase in its common stock repurchase program to acquire an additional $50.0 million of its outstanding common stock. This increased the total repurchase program to $150.0 million. As of October 29, 2005, the company had purchased back approximately $99.3 million (4.2 million shares) under the repurchase program.The company also announced its store opening plans for fiscal 2006. The company intends to open 65 Aeropostale stores and 5 Jimmy'Z stores.
LB Foster Co. announced that it has purchased the former Boeing Delta III rocket parts facility in Pueblo, Colorado and plans to use the site's 55,000 sq. ft. building to increase production capacity of its Rail Products unit. The plant occupies nine acres at the Pueblo Municipal Airport Industrial Park and is well suited as a rail fabrication and stocking facility. Equipment installation and commissioning of this new facility is expected in March, 2006.
Pfizer Inc. announced 490 workers will lose their jobs when its Parsippany plant closes by 2008. The pharmaceutical company said the closure is part of a restructuring under way for 2 1/2 years in which 27 other plants will be shut worldwide. The closures were needed because Pfizer's acquisitions of Warner-Lambert and Pharmacia in recent years created more manufacturing capacity than the company needed.
Brady Corp. has announced the establishment of the Brady Corporation Foundation, a nonprofit, non-stock corporation which will serve as the company's primary vehicle for charitable contributions. The focus of the foundation will be on developing a pipeline of future leaders who will positively impact the communities in which Brady operates. Brady Corporation has funded the foundation with an initial gift of $1.0 million. The Brady Corporation Foundation will work to make significant, long-term grants to non-profit organizations focusing on three primary areas of development: formative development that ensures a positive start through youth outreach programs and community outreach organizations; skills development that provides the right building blocks through primary and secondary school programs; and leadership development to refine skills at the college level and beyond.
General Motors could announce which plants are on the chopping block as early as next week as it details previously-announced plans to shave 25,000 hourly jobs by 2008. The Detroit News reports that the embattled auto manufacturer could detail up to four assembly plants that would be closed as well as well as shutting some stamping operations and eliminating shifts at other plants across the country. GM announced broad plans in June to trim 25,000 out of 111,000 union-represented jobs at its U.S. plants, although its contract with the United Auto Workers union includes pay guarantees that essentially stops it from cutting jobs until the current labor pact expires in September 2007.
Applied Materials Inc. announced that it has formed Applied Ventures, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary whose charter is to make strategic seed and early stage investments in promising, privately-held companies of up to a total of $25 million annually. Investments will focus on technology innovations that could drive growth in existing, related and new markets for Applied Materials. Applied Ventures' involvement with portfolio companies may include a leadership role, through board seats or observer rights, access to Applied's technology and research capabilities such as the Maydan Technology Center, to enable innovation, or access to the company's global business relationships.
Xerox Corp. announced the expansion of its document market with three major planks. They are, i) Driving the rapid adoption of COLOR printing in businesses small to large; ii) Creating the NEW BUSINESS OF PRINTING by leveraging Xerox's leadership in digital high-volume printing to complement traditional offset printing. The company's digital technology offers the advantages of creating personalized communications and on-demand printing and iii) Leading the SERVICES market through Xerox's renowned expertise in document management.The company reiterated its previously stated guidance for the fourth quarter of 2005, expecting earnings in the range of 25 cents -29 cents per share.The company provided earnings guidance for the full year of 2006. For the full-year 2006, the company expects total revenue to grow 3% and earnings per share to grow between 10% and 15% to a range of $1.00 to $1.07 per share.
EW Scripps Co.'s daily newspaper in Memphis (Tennessee), the Commercial Appeal, hopes to cut 170 jobs, or 22% of its 774 employee work force, by mid January. 
EI DuPont de Nemours & Co. and the city of Dongying signed a project agreement -- a major milestone on the path toward construction of a world-class titanium dioxide (TiO2) plant representing a total investment of $1 billion in the city's Economic Development Zone. TiO2 is a white pigment widely used in the coatings, plastics and paper industries. The project agreement is a key step toward construction of the new facility because it documents the success of negotiations that began last March between DuPont and Dongying City. Once relevant government approvals are received, the new TiO2 plant is expected to represent a total investment at Dongying of more than $1 billion. That sum includes the initial DuPont investment, facilities installed by the city and integrated suppliers to the plant, and eventual expansion of the original facility. The plant will be wholly owned by DuPont and will be the company's largest single investment project outside the United States. With a planned completion date of 2010, the plant will have an initial annual capacity of 200 thousand tons of TiO2 and will employ approximately 350 workers. Most of those workers will be hired in the Dongying area.
Terra Industries Inc. announced that it has indefinitely suspended all production at its Woodward, Okla., facility. The shutdown is due to mechanical repairs and catalyst changes. Terra said it will not resume production at the facility in the near term due to high natural gas costs.
Wal-Mart secured a piece of land in Haikou for its project in the city, which is due to kick off shortly. Wal-Mart is launching construction for its new project, it is expected that by the spring festival of 2007, a large Wal-Mart shopping and recreational center that serves as both a shopping mall and an entertainment spot (with cinemas, eateries and recreational facilities) will have been erected on mid Haixiu Road. The complex covers a land area of about 70 Mus and has a total investment of no less that CNY 400 million.
The future of television arrives in this northern Virginia community, when Verizon Communications Inc. unveils Verizon FiOS TV over its revolutionary fiber-optic network. Herndon is the second community to date in which Verizon is offering FiOS TV. The service debuted Sept. 22 in Keller, Texas, and customer sales there have been strong. Verizon plans to make FiOS TV available in the future in other communities in Virginia and across the company's service territory. FiOS TV is designed to be a formidable competitor to cable and satellite. It is delivered over Verizon's fiber-to-the-premises network, which has industry-leading quality and reliability. Fiber delivers amazingly sharp pictures and sound, and has the capacity to transmit a wide array of high-definition programming that is so clear and intense it seems to leap from the TV screen. Verizon's network design includes backup facilities not common to traditional cable systems, such as duplicate head ends where the TV service receives national programming.
AT&T Inc. has opened a retail store and kiosks inside malls and computer stores to let customers try out new wireless and high-speed Internet products. An AT&T Experience store opened in Dallas, allow customers to play online games and to mail photos via e- mail. Smaller outlets opened inside Best Buy, CompUSA and Cingular Wireless stores.
General Motors Corporation announced that following cuts in various Assembly Plants. The company announced that Oklahoma City, Okla., will cease production in early 2006. Lansing, Mich., Craft Centre will cease production in mid-2006. Spring Hill, Tenn., Plant/Line No. 1, will cease production at the end of 2006. Doraville, Ga., will cease production at the end of its current products' life cycle in 2008. Oshawa Car Plant No. 2 will cease production after the current product runs out in 2008.
Archer Daniels Midland Company plans to build a polyols facility that will utilize renewable carbohydrate-based and/or glycerol-based feedstocks. The Company's planned polyols plant will produce propylene glycol and ethylene glycol from agricultural-based resources as an alternative to traditional petroleum-based industrial chemicals. Propylene glycol primarily is used in industrial applications such as paints, coatings and resins, and also is used in food and pharmaceutical applications. Ethylene glycol is used to produce polyesters and industrial products. ADM is in the process of selecting a site for the polyols plant and construction will be dependent upon final permit approvals.
Dollar General Corp. reported earnings results for the third quarter and nine months ended October 28, 2005. The company reported net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2005 of $64.4 million, or $0.20 per share, compared to net income of $71.1 million, or $0.22 per share, in the third quarter of fiscal 2004. Net sales for the third quarter ended October 28, 2005, were $2.1 billion, a 9.5% increase over net sales of $1.9 billion for the same period of fiscal 2004. For the 39-week year-to-date period, net income was $204.9 million in fiscal 2005, or $0.63 per share, compared to $210.3 million, or $0.63 per share, in the comparable prior year period. Year-to-date net sales of $6,101.7 million against sales of $5,463.4 million for the same period a year ago.The company provides earnings outlook for the fourth quarter and full year ending February 3, 2006. The Company expects EPS for the 14-week fourth quarter to be in the range of $0.51 to $0.54.For the 53-week year ending February 3, 2006, the Company expects to report EPS of $1.14 to $1.17.The companuy also announced that, in fiscal 2006, the Company expects to open a minimum of 800 new traditional Dollar General stores and approximately 30 Dollar General Markets, some of which will be conversions of traditional stores.
Tesoro Corp. is investing $45 million over the next three years to construct a Distillate Desulfurization Unit (DDU) at its Kenai Refinery. The DDU has a design capacity of 10,000 bpd and is expected to be online at the Kenai refinery by mid-year 2007.
Six Flags Inc. has said that it remains committed to seeking outside buyers after dissident investor Red Zone said it had won a vote to install its board candidates. 
Alcoa Inc. announced that it will halt aluminum production at its 61% owned Eastalco smelter in Frederick, Md., because it hasn't obtained a new, competitive power supply for the plant. The Pittsburgh company said it issued layoff notices to 600 employees but expects to retain 100 jobs at the plant.
Sensient Technologies Corp. will take a $9.6 million charge in the fourth quarter for expenses tied to the company's previously announced plan to shut down facilities and reduce its work force. It will close two manufacturing facilities and cut about 140 jobs from its global work force of 3,000 employees. The actions, along with the elimination of two insignificant product lines, will save about $13 million annually, with $10 million in savings in 2006. Sensient declined to identify the plants that will be closed. The company has fewer than 50 employees at its Milwaukee corporate offices, and it operates one manufacturing facility in Wisconsin.
CTS Corp. will build a plant for the production of electronic components for the car industry at Ostrava's industrial zone of Hrabova and will invest over CZK 500 million there and create over 160 jobs.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. continues its rapid expansion in the Fox Valley with last week's announcement of intentions to build a 203,000-square-foot store in Yorkville. The site, at the northwest corner of Illinois Highway 47 and U.S. Highway 34, is home to the largely shuttered Countryside Shopping Center. The store is the fourth planned in the area, including one set to begin construction next year in Oswego and others recently announced for Montgomery and Aurora.
Nalco has embarked upon a massive expansion plan to raise production volumes for which the company would invest INR 41 billion. The production of aluminium would be increased to 0.46 mtpa and that of alumina to 2.1 mtpa. The expansion programme would be completed within 50 months time. The company would also start generating 1200 MW of power.
Websense Inc. provided sales guidance for 2005. For the period, the company expects to double its revenue against global revenues of $150 million in 2004. In Latin America, Websense expects a 40% revenue increase in 2005 over 2004.The company has opened an office in São Paulo.
General Motors Corp. announced that it will eliminate 30,000 jobs and close all or part of 12 facilities as the automaker confronts the biggest threat to its survival since the onslaught of Japanese rivals led to a vast overhaul in the early 1990s. As part of the latest overhaul, GM will reduce its annual North American manufacturing capacity to 4.2 million vehicles by 2008, down from 6 million vehicles in 2002, a 30% reduction. The announcement adds 5,000 job cuts to the 25,000 the company promised in June, lowering GM's workforce to about 100,000 by the time the reductions are completed in 2008.
Ford Motor Co. Volvo Cars division will eliminate 5.3% of it workforce to reduce spending and boost earnings. The carmaker will eliminate 1,470 positions primarily in Sweden and belgium, Gothenburg, Sweden.
Merck & Co. said that it will cut about 7,000 jobs, or 11 percent of its work force, and will close or sell five of its 31 manufacturing plants by the end of 2008 in the first phase of a reorganization strategy meant save up to $4 billion by the end of the decade.
Merck & Co. announced that it will cut about 7,000 jobs, or 11% of its work force, by the end of 2008 and will close or sell five of its 31 manufacturing plants in moves that it says will save up to $4 billion. The company provided earnings guidance for the year fiscal 2005 and 2006. Merck reiterated its 2005 earnings-per-share forecast of $2.47 to $2.51, or $2.04 to $2.10 with one-time charges. For 2006, the company forecast earnings per share of $2.28 to $2.36 excluding restructuring charges, or $1.98 to $2.12 with one-time charges.
Novell has promoted Ron Hovsepian to president and COO. Hovsepian, formerly executive vice president and president of global field operations, will have direct worldwide responsibility for product development, marketing and field operations. He joined Novell in June 2003 as president of North American operations.The company will also lay off some 600 workers, 10% of its workforce, due to a restructuring.
The number of flight attendants to be laid off by Northwest Airlines in January has been reduced from 500 to 300. The airline said in September, when it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, that it would lay off 1,400 flight attendants and 900 were laid off that month, Bloomberg reported. However the airline has now said that, having finalised its January schedule, it would not lay off as many flight attendants as originally planned. Northwest has also said that it would accept voluntary lay-offs to reduce the number of employees involuntarily laid off.
Biolase Technology Inc. announced the establishment of BIOLASE University, the Company's certification training and advanced education program for practicing laser dentists. BIOLASE University courses have been tailored to optimize the learning process and help dentists transition to practicing laser dentistry. The new program will enable purchasing dentists to experience a state-of-the-art, hands-on training certification course from manufacturer-trained instructors -- teaching the skills and techniques necessary to be successful with Waterlase technology. Additionally, the Company has established the Master Laser Course (MLC) to address the customer demands for advanced training in laser dentistry. The curriculum topics range from laser-assisted periodontics, laser-assisted endodontics and laser-assisted cosmetic dentistry to laser-assisted implant dentistry and laser-assisted pediatric dentistry. These courses will promote an ongoing learning experience for practicing laser dentists.
Fabwel, a division of Owens Corning announced the opening of a new science and technology center in Elkhart, Ind., that will allow the company to bring RV industry component solutions and expertise to the doorstep of major manufacturers. The 16,000 square-foot facility will open in January, utilize Six Sigma quality processes, and provide technical leadership including application engineering, various testing functions at an on-site laboratory, process prototyping and material qualification for innovative product development and business solutions. All activities will focus on enhancing the current Fabwel product portfolio, which ranges from base materials to RV exterior and interior sub systems such as walls, floors and doors.
Temple-Inland Inc. announced that it plans to further reposition the mortgage origination activities within its Guaranty Bank subsidiary, cutting 250 jobs.
Temple-Inland announced plans to further reposition the mortgage origination activities within its wholly owned subsidiary, Guaranty Bank. Guaranty Bank intends to sell its wholesale origination network and concentrate mortgage origination efforts on consumer direct mortgage lending available through its banking centers and restructured correspondent networks.
Ford Motor Co. has drawn up plans to cut production at its Jaguar luxury car unit by as much as 7%. The company is talking to parties interested in purchasing Jaguar's Coventry site, which employs about 500 people, but no decision has been made on a possible sale.
American Commercial Lines Inc. announced the formation of JeffLabs, a new business unit focusing on technology applications for the transportation industry. JeffLabs will build upon the strength of ACL's two major holdings, American Commercial Barge Line LLC and Jeffboat LLC. JeffLabs will focus initially on five key areas of opportunity like Safety, Logistics, Regulatory Reporting, Customer Service and Operational Efficiency. JeffLabs is based in Jeffersonville, Indiana, and will be led by Mr. Richard J. Schoenian, Vice President Engineering. Projects will be completed by a dedicated engineering staff and through partnerships with external suppliers and universities.
Merck & Co. Inc. announced the closing of five manufacturing plants out of 31 worldwide, trimming workforces at others and closing three research labs. In all, Merck will eliminate 11% of its 63,000 jobs.
Psivida Ltd. is planning extensive changes over the coming year, including the establishment of a second spin-out company to target the food industry, pSiNutria. The company plans to seek a trade sale or float of pSiNutria within two years.
pSivida Ltd. announced that it has created a new spinout company, pSiNutria Ltd. to develop applications of its silicon technology in the food industry. pSivida will seed fund pSiNutria $1.1 million as well as grant pSiNutria a royalty bearing exclusive license for the use of BioSilicon(TM) as an ingestible ingredient in food applications. pSiNutria is also developing patentable intellectual property using silicon in the food packaging area. pSiNutria will subsequently seek its own public listing. pSivida shareholders would receive pSiNutria shares in any future public listing.
Chevron Corp. has received the final approvals for their Paradis Mitigation Bank. The 7,100 acre wetland mitigation project is located in St. Charles Parish, approximately 23 miles southwest of New Orleans. The Paradis Mitigation Bank was designed by a team of wetland ecologists, soils experts and a Mitigation Bank Review Team (MBRT) from the New Orleans District U.S. Corps of Engineers, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries and the Environmental Protection Agency. The property had formerly been used for the production of oil and gas. The goal of this perpetual mitigation bank project is to create a large, contiguous area of forested wetland habitat interspersed with existing ponds. Selected existing forested and nonforested wetlands will be enhanced, while also creating new wetlands from existing uplands within the Paradis Mitigation Bank.
Fiserv Inc. business units of the Fiserv joined forces to offer the industry's most comprehensive set of software and services. The newly formed Fiserv Automotive Solutions (FAS) division includes the former Fiserv LeMans and the automotive services portion of RSA Solutions. The combined operation offers a comprehensive suite of innovative solutions for automotive lenders covering originations, account servicing, loss and risk mitigation, lease maturity management and vehicle remarketing.The company announced that, the FAS division will be led by Kevin Collins, CEO, with Stuart Angert as president. The operation will be headquartered in RSA's Amherst, N.Y., office.
McCormick & Co. Inc. will cut an unspecified number of jobs across its global spice operation, consolidate manufacturing facilities, revamp its struggling industrial business and cut administrative costs as part of a plan to rebound from a disappointing year. The world's largest spice maker is expected to take charges against earnings of between $130 million and $150 million, with about 60% coming from severance and other personnel costs. The cuts will take place in phases over three years and are expected to save $ 50 million annually beginning in 2008.
Walt Disney Co. expanded its online game business by starting a Web site with titles tailored for adults. The site, disneysgamecafe.com, features 20 downloadable games intended to appeal to adults aged 25 to 45. Disney, which plans to double its video-game spending to $100 million in fiscal 2006, includes the games Cubis 2 Gold and Diner Dash on the new site.
Intel Corp. announced plans to build a new 300-millimeter (mm) wafer fabrication facility at its site in Kiryat Gat, Israel. The new factory, designated Fab 28, will extend Intel's manufacturing leadership by producing leading-edge microprocessors in the second half of 2008 on 45 nanometer (nm) process technology. Construction on the $3.5 billion project, Intel's second 45nm factory, is set to begin immediately. When completed, Fab 28 will become Intel's seventh 300mm wafer facility. The structure will include approximately 200,000 square feet of clean room space. Over the next several years the project will create more than 2,000 Intel jobs at the site. The Israeli government is providing financial incentives for the new facility.
ConocoPhillips announced that it will invest $1.4 billion in the Wilhelmshaven unit and a further $5 billion in global expansion to 2011. The investment in Wilhelmshaven will be undertaken to increase the number of refined products the plant can produce and to lower operating costs at the site.
SunGard Data Systems Inc. announced the formation of an Enterprise Solutions Group within its Financial Systems business that will focus on bringing greater value to its global accounts. The Enterprise Solutions Group will bring together SunGard's Global Account Management, Product Management, Off-Shore Services and Consulting Services. The mission of the Enterprise Solutions Group is the marketing and sales of enterprise-class software and processing solutions to SunGard's global accounts. The initial targeted Enterprise Solutions include: Architecture Renewal and Integration, Compliance, Enterprise Data Management, Prime Brokerage, Alternative Investments. The group will combine an in-depth understanding of industry requirements with a set of products and services that address customers' current and anticipated needs. Enterprise solutions will include a combination of products and professional services, on- and off-shore consulting services and partner offerings as appropriate. SunGard's industry experts will work with global accounts to proactively define and plan enterprise solutions that address their most pressing requirements. The Enterprise Solutions Group is headed by Ron Lang who reports to Michael Muratore, executive vice president of SunGard's Software & Processing business.
Avaya Inc. has announced that the INDeX product line will be discontinued from the end of May 2006. The manufacturer, Avaya, will no longer sell INDeX hardware and software from 1st June 2006 and will not be developing the platform past software level 11.0. This will make it difficult to grow your system in the future.
Ford Motor Co. is likely to close five plants that employ about 7,500 workers, about 6% of the company's North American workforce. The plans to shut the plants were still being formulated and were subject to change.
Northrop Grumman Corp. has created an organization dedicated to developing and executing the company's growing list of space exploration opportunities with NASA. The new Space Exploration Systems organization will reside in the company's Integrated Systems sector and will report directly to Scott Seymour, corporate vice president and president of the Integrated Systems sector. Art Stephenson, a former director of NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center, has been appointed sector vice president of Space Exploration Systems to lead the new organization.
Harrah's Entertainment Inc. laid off most of its 9,400-person Gulf Coast casino work force, three months after devastating hurricanes halted operations at five of the company's casinos in Louisiana and Mississippi. Harrah's announced the workers will be given first consideration for new jobs once the storm-damaged casinos are back in operation. But for many, those jobs won't be available until well beyond next year. Harrah's paid wages and benefits to the 8,000 casino workers displaced by Hurricane Katrina for three months, but that program expired at the end of November. The same program was offered to the 1,400 Harrah's employees displaced by Hurricane Rita, and those payments are expected to end in a few weeks.
Boston Scientific Corp.'s $25 billion bid to buy cardiac-defibrillator maker Guidant Corp. is fanning speculation that rival St. Jude Medical Inc. could be the next hot takeover property. Shares of St. Jude jumped nearly 5% Monday December 5th, following news that Boston Scientific has offered to acquire Guidant for $72 a share, a move that could trump Johnson & Johnson's bid of $63.43 a share.
Bookham Inc. announced the end of manufacturing at its Paignton site with 150 jobs being axed. Once the jobs have gone there will be just 210 key knowledge workers left at a new site elsewhere in Paignton. The huge factory complex off the Torbay ring road at White Rock - which once housed 5,500 staff - will no longer be used by Bookham. The announcement brings an end to almost 50 years of world-leading electronics manufacture at the factory. Management confirmed that its Chip on Carrier manufacturing department will move to China, leaving only the research and development department. Bookham expects the Chip on Carrier transfer to impact approximately 150 employees in Paignton. The transfer process is expected to take approximately nine months.
General Electric Co. has started construction of a 775-megawatt power plant in Romoland to demonstrate for the first time in the United States what it touts as the world's cleanest-burning and most cost-effective gas turbine technology. GE is to show off the advantages of the new technology to prospective power plant developers that it is investing more than $500 million in the project without nailing down sales contracts for the electricity it will generate. The plant will produce enough power for up to 600,000 homes and is expected to be ready for commercial operation in summer 2008, when the California Energy Commission forecasts that the state's power reserves could fall dangerously low.
General Motors Corp. plans to cease production at its Oklahoma City plant during the first week of February 2006. The company announced that Henry has assembled a working group that is looking at ways to retrain GM employees for other jobs. The plant, which assembles sport utility vehicles, is one of nine North American assembly, stamping and powertrain plants that GM said last month it will close by 2008. The move was part of an effort to get production in line with demand.
Microsoft Corp. will create a global network of 90 Microsoft(R) Innovation Centers (MICs) designed to foster strong, self-sustaining local software economies. Microsoft will operate the centers in alliance with local governments, academic institutions, industry organizations and software vendors, with the ultimate goal of fueling long-term economic growth in regions where the centers are located. The centers provide world-class facilities and resources for students, professional developers, architects, IT professionals and researchers. Hands-on labs and other programs focus on technical and business skills development and spurring advances in areas such as 64-bit architecture, Windows Vista(TM) development and innovative application design. Partnership programs build software-quality certification and assessment, support for student-led research projects, and proof-of-concept projects and workshops. The MIC network will begin serving local regions immediately from 60 existing Microsoft facilities in australia, brazil, China, Germany, Japan, Malaysia and other countries -- all of which have aligned their programs and services to help spur local software innovation and economic development. An additional 30 MICs will open in 2006, with facilities planned in Korea, India and South Africa.
Quintiles Medical Communications announced the formation of two additional businesses and a separate continuing medical education (CME) accrediting division. Soniq and Cospective join established brands QED Communications and Medical Action Communications (MAC) under the Quintiles Medical Communications umbrella. Scepter becomes the company’s CME accrediting arm. The new structure reflects the growing pharmaceutical industry trend toward complete separation of support for accredited CME programs and non- accredited programs deemed promotional by the FDA, a move prompted by stricter guidelines issued by the Accreditation Council for CME (AACME) and increased federal scrutiny.
Verizon Communications Inc. unveiled Verizon FiOS TV in Florida to residents of this city of 21,000 northeast of Tampa, making it the first community in the state to feature the new service. Verizon will begin taking customer orders immediately and will make FiOS TV available in communities across Verizon's service territory next year. FiOS TV is designed to be a formidable competitor to cable and satellite. It is delivered over Verizon's fiber-to-the-premises network, which has industry-leading quality and reliability. Fiber delivers amazingly sharp pictures and sound, and has the capacity to transmit a wide array of high- definition programming that is so clear and intense it seems to leap from the TV screen.
OfficeMax Inc. to open a new, larger distribution center in Garden Grove, Calif. The new facility, at 7300 Chapman Ave., is double the size of the previous center, allowing the center to advance the company's commitment to quality, accuracy and timely deliveries. The new 340,000-square-foot center features an enhanced conveyor system and 45 loading docks, which allow for greater productivity, and improved efficiencies in service and delivery.
The fortunes of the automotive industry remain as fickle as ever, Ford Motor Co. workers learned when they heard the car-maker was offering 500 redundancies to staff across its Geelong and Broadmeadows plants. The same company was oozing confidence when its announced $500 million plans with 400 new jobs.
Whole Foods Market Inc. announced that it opened the doors of the new Belmar store. The store provides area residents with more than 55,000 square feet of the freshest, highest quality foods in an atmosphere that transforms shopping into an exciting, sensory experience. Located at 444 South Wadsworth Boulevard, this will be the company's fourth store in the Denver area and its seventh in Colorado. Among the many exciting features of the new Belmar store are: a 96-foot meat department, an in-house meat and seafood smoker, a sit-down seafood restaurant, an organic salad bar, and freshly baked artisan breads. The store will also boast a rainbow of hand-stacked produce, fresh in-house sushi, an olive and antipasti bar and handmade, natural doughnuts. In addition to these culinary delights, the store will also offer a comprehensive selection of body care products and a full line of organic baby wear.
Hewlett-Packard Co. has poured in some $2.5 million in investments for its new facility in Pasig City, its second global third-party outsourcing site in the country to date. The two-floor facility at the San Miguel Properties Centre Building at the Ortigas Center can accommodate up to 200 seats. The facility will serve as an extension of the firm's Global Delivery Center at the Robinsons Summit in Makati City, which is now full at 465 seats from 270 seats at the start of the year.
International Business Machines Corp. has opened up a software laboratory in Cracow. The centre will employ almost 200 people within the next two years. The branch will be the first such centre in Central and Eastern Europe and will be one of 40 IBM's software laboratories in the world responsible for the company's most innovative products.
Avery Dennison Corp. announced that it planned to cut 700 to 900 jobs, significantly more than the company predicted perviously. The job reductions will begin before the end of the year and be completed by mid-2006. Cuts will occur across the board, affecting management as well as production employees.
Procter & Gamble Co. will expand its Philippine-based global business services starting next year following the multinational giant's acquisition of battery and oral health care maker Gillette. P&G's Asia Global Business Services, which holds office in Manila, services the financial, accounting and insurance requirements of P&G units in Asia and in some Middle East and African countries.
Sprint Nextel Corp. announced the launch of a new subsidiary, Sprint Enterprise Mobility Inc. which marks a significant entry of a communications provider subsidiary into the mobility-focused professional services market. Mobility solutions extend voice and data communications beyond employees' offices, literally making any location a workplace, and also involves the management of assets and inventory. Leveraging leading mobility solutions from Sprint and looking at similar expertise across the industry, Sprint Enterprise Mobility will enable large businesses and government agencies to design, implement and support tailored solutions unique to the requirements of their business.
Costco Wholesale Corp. reported earnings results for the first quarter of fiscal 2006, ended November 20, 2005. For the first quarter of fiscal 2006, net sales increased 12% to $12.66 billion from $11.34 billion during the first quarter of fiscal 2005. On a comparable warehouse basis, that is warehouses open at least one year, net sales increased 9%. Net income for the first quarter of fiscal 2006 increased 12% to $215.8 million or $0.45 per diluted share from $193.2 million or $0.40 per diluted share during the first quarter of fiscal 2005. This year's fiscal first quarter results included a pretax charge of approximately $7.6 million or $0.01 per share related to damage from hurricane Wilma in Florida. Last year's fiscal first quarter results included a pretax charge of approximately $6.4 million or $0.01 per share related to damage from four Florida hurricanes.The company also announced dividend for the first quarter of fiscal 2006 of $0.115 per share against $0.100 per share in the same period of last year. The company plans to open an additional 18 to 20 new warehouses, including the relocation of two to three warehouses to larger and better-located facilities, prior to the end of its 53-week 2006 fiscal year ending on September 3, 2006.
Loudeye Technologies Inc. announced that it has closed Overpeer, it's content protection business, effective immediately. As a result, LOUD has reduced its quarterly consolidated cost structure by approximately $1.6 million, or 10% versus third quarter of 2005.
According to sources, Exxon Mobil Corp. plans to sell its Mobil service stations in Zimbabwe. Franchise owners of Mobil service stations will get the first option to buy their filling stations. Mobil has also hired an estate agent to value its properties in Zimbabwe.
Ford Motor Co. began firing contract workers to cut costs and help stem losses in its North American auto business. Some contract employees were told that they would be part of the elimination of 4,000 salaried jobs Ford is planning. Some of the employees were told there would be two waves of cuts, one on Dec. 23 and the other in January.
Comcast Corp. announced the creation of Comcast Interactive Media, a new division to develop and grow the company's Internet businesses, including the Comcast.net portal. CIM will build upon Comcast's extensive and unique assets and experience as the country's largest residential broadband service provider to develop compelling online interactive services. CIM will leverage Comcast's advanced broadband network and technology, existing service offerings, extensive content relationships, and its customer and supplier relationships to build innovative new online services. Comcast veteran Amy Banse, who has been serving as Executive Vice President of Content Development, will become President of Comcast Interactive Media, reporting to Comcast Chief Operating Officer Steve Burke, and Samuel Schwartz will join her as Executive Vice President of Strategy and Development. Previously at Comcast, Banse has been responsible for much of the growth of Comcast's content business, having overseen the development and launch of G4, TV One, and PBS Kids Sprout, and the acquisition of Comcast's majority stake in E! Entertainment, The Golf Channel, and OLN. Schwartz has been serving as President of Comcast Interactive Capital and he will continue to advise on and approve CIC investments.
LCA-Vision Inc. announced the opening of its 50th LasikPlus vision center in Birmingham, Alabama. The entry into Birmingham marks the first LasikPlus vision center in the state of Alabama. LasikPlus vision centers are now located in 25 states, serving 37 markets. 40% of the United States population is now located within a one-hour drive of a LasikPlus vision center. The new Birmingham LasikPlus vision center is located at The Shops of Colonnade on 3431 Colonnade Parkway.
Sapient announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Planning Group International Inc. (PGI). With the addition of PGI, Sapient is forming a new business unit, called Experience Marketing.The new unit Experience Marketing will be led by PGI Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner Gaston Legorburu. Legorburu, who has been named a Sapient Senior Vice President, will report to Greenberg.
General Motors Corporation plan to cut $7 billion in costs next year may not keep the company from bankruptcy unless it revives its U.S. auto sales. GM Chief Executive Officer Rick Wagoner's plan to eliminate 30,000 jobs after $3.8 billion in losses this year wasn't enough to overcome the Detroit-based automaker's dwindling U.S. market share. S&P lowered GM to five steps below investment grade as the company's U.S. auto sales fell at least 7 % in each of the past four months.
Collins & Aikman Corp. announced plans to close its Premier Tooling operation in Sterling Heights, Michigan by March 31, 2006. The facility currently has approximately 140 employees who fabricate tooling for molded plastic products in support of future programs. The Company intends to complete existing fabrication work at the facility with employment levels expected to balance-out during the first quarter. Collins & Aikman will transfer equipment to its facilities in New Hampshire and North Carolina where it will continue to fabricate tooling to support its proprietary manufacturing processes in plastics skins, soft trim and flooring. The Company will utilize existing suppliers to build plastic injection molds, fixtures and gages for future programs.
Harmonic Inc. announced that it will consolidate the Company's Convergent Systems (CS) division, Broadband Access Networks (BAN) division, and its manufacturing operations group. Dr. Patrick Harshman, currently President of the Convergent Systems division, will lead the newly consolidated research and development, marketing, and manufacturing functions. This change is effective January 1, 2006. Dr. Harshman, who becomes Executive Vice President, will continue to report to Mr. Ley. As a result of this reorganization, Harmonic is reducing its workforce by approximately 40 employees. The Company preliminarily estimates that the costs associated with these actions will be approximately $1.0 million to $1.2 million, principally for one-time severance payments. All of these costs will result in future cash expenditures and are expected to be incurred as expenses in the fourth quarter of 2005. This reorganization is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2006.
According to the Die Welt, DaimlerChrysler AG will sign the contract to sell its diesel engine unit MTU Friedrichshafen GmbH to Swedish investor EQT by the end of the week. Citing sources close to the negotiations, Die Welt said the unit will be sold for between 1.6-1.9 bln eur ($1.89-$2.25 billion), and that MTU will be listed on the stock exchange in five years time. 
MeadWestvaco Corp. announced the debut of its new Packaging Innovation Center, located at the company's Richmond, Virginia, office. The new facility features demonstrations of innovative packaging technologies and capabilities, and provides a stimulating, informative environment that supports collaborative exploration of customer ideas. The facility showcases the latest features and applications in packaging solutions to meet these demands, including radio-frequency identification (RFID) technology; anti-counterfeiting technologies; and interactive smart packaging concepts. Customers can also experience the possibilities of package design through hands-on exposure to multiple materials and finishing options.
MCI Inc. announced its latest global IP network expansion to deliver much needed bandwidth to South East Asia, the Middle East and Western Europe (SEA-ME-WE) has been completed and customer traffic is being transmitted on the new SEA- ME-WE4 submarine network cable system. The next generation undersea cable spans 20,000 kilometers and links france to Singapore via the Middle East and Indian sub-continent. MCI customers now can take advantage of seamless on-net connectivity in Asia, Europe and the United States. In addition to being a consortium member, MCI also is a landing/terminal party for the new submarine cable system in Marseilles, france. The team landed the cable in Marseilles in July, and MCI connected the cable directly to its European IP backbone infrastructure. This allows all MCI customers to reach both European and Transatlantic destinations across MCI's existing network infrastructure. MCI also has connected the submarine cable system directly to its network in Singapore.
Dana Corp. announced that it will close three more plants as part of its ongoing effort to cut costs. The struggling auto parts maker will close plants in Danville, Ind., Sheffield, Pa., and Burlington, Ontario. The moves affect about 200 hourly and salary employees. The plants are part of the company's thermal products group and produce small radiators and heat exchangers. They will close by the middle of next year. Work from the three latest closings will be shifted to plants in St. Clair, Mich., and Cambridge, Ontario.
Airgas Inc. announced that it will invest $7.5 million to build an 850 ton per day (tpd) expansion of its Star, MS liquid carbon dioxide plant, boosting production there to 2,000 tpd. The Star facility is one of eight liquid carbon dioxide plants operated by Airgas Carbonic, the largest producer of liquid carbon dioxide in the Southeast and the third largest nationwide. The expansion also will increase storage capacity at the plant and increase railcar service from the plant.
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. closed two of its four First Coast stores on Sunday. Stores on Cassat Avenue and in Orange Park closed. The Cassat Avenue store opened in 1970; the Orange Park store, 1995. The company closed 30 underperforming stores, reduced overhead costs and strengthened its senior management team.
According to sources, Six Flags Inc. took itself off the auction block On Dec 13th. The company also installed a new chief executive officer and board members aligned with Daniel Snyder, the entrepreneur who ran a successful proxy contest to remove the chief executive and other board members. Under Mr. Burke, the company said it would seek a buyer for the operator of such parks as Six Flags Over Georgia and Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom. But the company received tepid interest, according to a person familiar with the process, and the for-sale sign was removed. 
Ford Motor Co. announced that the Vehicle No. 15,946,538 rolled off the Ford Motor Co. Lorain Assembly Plant, signaling the end of production at the 47-year-old plant and the loss of about 750 jobs. The first vehicle, a red F-100 pickup truck, rolled off the line on May 19, 1958. In the years that followed, workers built a series of models carrying nameplates including the Comet, Montego, Torino, Cougar and Thunderbird. Econoline production will move to the nearby Ohio Truck Plant in Avon Lake. Ford announced the shutdown plans in 2003 and announced the shutdown schedule last year. The automaker said the shutdown was part of its worldwide plan to improve profitability by reducing its capacity.
Weyerhaeuser Co. announced the permanent closures of two paper machines, to strengthen shareholder returns and sharpen the focus of its business portfolio. One of two paper machines at the Dryden Pulp and Paper mill in Ontario on April 1, 2006 due to poor market conditions and high costs associated with the machine. Closure of the D1 machine will remove 155,000 tons of uncoated freesheet capacity. Dryden will continue producing about 332,000 tons of white paper. The Prince Albert pulp and paper mill in Saskatchewan, announced in October as an indefinite closure. The paper mill will cease production at year end. The pulp mill, which is being offered for sale, will continue operating until spring to minimize risk of damage caused by cold winter weather.
McDonald's Corp. announced that it has celebrates the grand opening of its new restaurant at 110 E. Central Entrance with activities Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Live radio remotes are from 5-8 p.m. Friday and from 1-3 p.m. Saturday. Ronald McDonald will be at the restaurant at 11:30 a.m. Sunday. McDonald's newest Duluth location is open from 5 a.m. to 11 p.m. weekdays and 24 hours on weekends.
Adobe Systems Inc. announced that, it will cut 650 to 700 jobs as it folds recently acquired rival Macromedia Inc. into its operations. The work force reduction will reduce overlapping positions, focus the company on growth areas and help it achieve its 2006 financial targets, executives said. Adobe had 4,286 employees at the end of the third quarter, while Macromedia had 1,538.
BellSouth Corp. will cut 1,500 jobs. The reductions will take place in supervisory and non-supervisory management positions, including staff support functions. Most of the reductions are expected to occur through voluntary severance packages and are to be completed by April 30.
Cenveo Inc. announced that its Waterbury facility on Railroad Hill Street was closed. The company plans to close down all operations at 300 Railroad Hill St., which will result in the permanent layoff of a significant number of employees. The company estimated about 20% of the 65 people who were let go had been with the company for at least 20 years.
Hertz Corp. has opened a Hertz Local Edition car rental facility in South Waco, TX. This opening represents Hertz's commitment to serving its suburban clientele looking to rent a car for insurance replacement needs, business trips, vacations and everyday purposes. Conveniently located on IH-35, the facility is easily accessible from the area's major car dealerships and vehicle repair shops. The new location provides Hertz customers with a full range of rental vehicles including minivans and compact through full-size cars. Pickup and drop-off service, insurance replacement rentals, and Hertz #1 Club Gold counter service are also available. Vehicles equipped with Hertz NeverLost(R) on-board navigation system and Sirius Satellite Radio may be requested at the time of reservation. In addition, as with all Hertz corporate locations, vehicles are available for rental with unlimited mileage and all rate structures are honored, including one-way, inter-city rates. The new Hertz Local Edition facility is located at 3000 IH-35 in South Waco.
Weyerhaeuser Co. announced that it would close seven plants and try to sell four others in a bid to cut costs. Weyerhaeuser said in coming months it would close its corrugated packaging plants in Bedford Heights, Ohio; Elmira Heights, N.Y.; Little Rock, Ark.; and Matthews, N.C. The company will also shutter corrugated sheet feeder plants in Pulaski, Tenn., and Waco, Texas, and a retail paper bag plant in Kansas City, Mo. The company also confirmed it will close its 350,000-ton-per-year containerboard machine in Plymouth, N.C. On Nov. 29, Weyerhaeuser announced plans for an indefinite curtailment of production there. Some 200 workers will lose their jobs.
Weyerhaeuser Co. announced another closure in a string of factory shutdowns and other changes in 2005 that include the sale of its composite paneling business. The Federal Way, Wash., integrated forest-products company (WY) will shut a Plymouth, N.C., containerboard machine it had already idled, eliminating 200 jobs. The 48-year-old idled containerboard machine in Plymouth has the capacity to make 350,000 tons a year of linerboard, the smooth outer surface of boxes, from recycled fiber. The closures are latest in a series of announcements by Weyerhaeuser since early October in an effort to cut capacity. The cuts include a box-finishing operation in California, a sawmill and pulp mill in Washington and a plywood mill in Oklahoma.
International Business Machines Corp. announced the opening of the AIX Collaboration Center (ACC). Through a two-year, $200 million investment, IBM will use the center -- based in Austin, Texas -- to collaborate with customers, developers, independent software vendors (ISVs), and academics to drive innovation around AIX technology; and to develop, test and adopt new applications and middleware for the AIX operating system. The AIX Collaboration Center will focus on driving systems-level innovations around key technology areas like virtualization, security, performance and scalability, and will assist ISVs in advancing their applications on AIX by exploiting new pSeries hardware and software capabilities. It will offer a wide range of resources including education, equipment, access to skilled technical consultants and remote or onsite testing capabilities to help enable their applications for AIX and the latest 64-bit POWER systems.
ITT Industries Inc. predicted higher earnings for 2006 and said it plans to sell its switches business following a strategic review of its electronic components group. The company also approved a 2-for-1 stock split and higher annual dividend, and backed its profit guidance for 2005, excluding items. ITT said it will sell the switches business because it does not fit its long-term strategy. The business, which makes keypads, interface controls and switches, is expected to generate about $350 million in 2005 revenue.
First Data Corp. laid off 1,000 workers, or about 3% of its work force. The credit card transaction services company said it would take a restructuring charge of about 5 cents a share in the fourth-quarter as a result of the job cuts, which were effective immediately. The layoffs came across business segments and occurred in Denver, Omaha, Neb., and other parts of operations.First Data said it would miss previous 2005 earnings estimates of $2.14 per share to $2.16 per share. It did not issue revised guidance, because of costs associated with the cuts and other anticipated charges.
Merck & Co. announced plans to cut an additional $1-billion (U.S.) in costs through 2010 and focus its research on medicines for the most common diseases. The struggling drug maker, which has been hammered by mounting lawsuits, falling revenue and profit, and sharply depressed stock as generic competition looms for its top drug, also reaffirmed its earnings forecasts for this year and next. The new cost cuts, to be achieved through redesigning business operations, were disclosed at Merck's annual business briefing with analysts at its New Jersey headquarters. They follow Merck's Nov. 28 announcement that it will eliminate 7,000 jobs and close or sell eight factories and research facilities to lower expenses by $3.5-billion to $4-billion through the decade's end.
Midway Games Inc. plans to cut up to 96 employees in order to reduce costs and increase product development. It will cut between 71 and 96 positions, or 8 to 11% of its work force. A majority of the layoffs will occur by the end this year.
According to analysts, Altria Group Inc.'s legal victory may allow it to spin off Kraft Foods Inc. by mid-2006. It may also allow Altria shareholders an opportunity to sell stock in a company where profit has fallen eight of the past nine quarters. Credit Suisse First Boston analyst David Nelson wrote yesterday there would likely be "substantial selling" of Kraft shares by Altria holders in a spinoff. J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. analyst Pablo Zuanic urged clients yesterday to sell Kraft shares after the stock rose on the reversal of $10.1 billion in damages against Altria's U.S. tobacco unit.
The 4,000 or so white-collar Ford Motor Co. workers in North America about to be laid off will get lump-sum payments. However, those lump sums are tied to employees' willingness to sign waivers releasing Ford from legal liability arising from the dismissals. Salaried workers who lose their jobs as part of the layoffs will receive a lump-sum payment equal to between one and 12 months' pay, depending on tenure and willingness to release legally their employer. Workers who refuse to sign the waiver and who have been at Ford for less than three years get nothing, and senior employees who refuse to sign will get no more than three months' pay.
A division of General Electric Co. has filed plans to build a 44-story residential tower on an empty lot at 215 W. Washington. The plans were contained in a zoning application filed by parking garage operator InterPark, which has a contract to buy the land from a family trust. InterPark is part of General Electric's commercial finance arm. It has occasionally been involved in developing mixed-use buildings that contain a parking component. The property is in the center of the Loop and just over a block from City Hall. It's across the street from two former Illinois Bell buildings that were successfully converted to condos in the 1990s. The old Hotel LaSalle Garage used to occupy 215 W. Washington. It was a throwback operation where customers had to hand their keys to valets because it only had a single ramp for storing and retrieving cars.
Airvana Inc. has announced that it is to expand into inflight wireless broadband. The company technology includes a customised IP-based EvDO Rev A radio base station featuring RF filtering capabilities to ensure that no interference is caused to other systems. It also offers a 3-4 times increase in uplink speeds and support for VoIP, broadcast and multicast services. The system has been demonstrated to commercial airlines by Verizon Airfone by conducting flight tests since September 2004, with tests achieving ground-to-air data speeds of 2.4Mb/s.
Kaiser Aluminum Corp. announced the signing of a new long-term contract with Boeing to supply heavy gauge aluminum plate for use in Boeing commercial aircraft products. The multi-year contract is expected to significantly increase the amount of Kaiser Aluminum fabricated products used by Boeing produced at Kaiser's Trentwood, Washington rolling mill.Kaiser Aluminum announced a $75 million capital investment to expand its Trentwood facility including the addition of a state-of-the-art heavy gauge stretcher, horizontal heat treat furnaces and other ancillary equipment, such as an ultrasonic inspection system, to complement existing capabilities. The expansion is slated to proceed over the next three years with full online capacity available in 2008.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. announced a joint venture agreement to build a new St. Regis Resort in Punta Mita, Mexico. Scheduled to open in late 2007, the new ultra-luxe resort is being developed by Ideurban Consultores and DINE. St. Regis Resort, Punta Mita will be the brand's second property in Mexico, opening shortly after the St. Regis Hotel, Mexico City also set to debut in 2007. Located 35 miles northwest of Puerto Vallarta on the Pacific Ocean surrounded by white sand beaches, spectacular ocean views and lush tropical landscape, St. Regis Resort, Punta Mita will feature 120 magnificently appointed guest rooms and suites each with its own outside shower, and approximately 65 luxury villas for both fractional and whole ownership. The resort will offer signature services for which the St. Regis brand is renowned worldwide including its trademark butler service, world-class concierge, exquisite design, and a magnificent spa. The highly-anticipated resort will include Punta Mita's second Jack Nicklaus Signature golf course with greens meandering through the resort grounds, a 10,000 square foot spa and fitness center, two full-service restaurants, and a Beach Club with a pool grill and bar. The resort will also offer 7,000 square feet of meeting and function space, ideal for a corporate retreat or a wedding celebration.
Anadarko Petroleum Corp. announced its successful participation in a significant oil discovery in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. In Green Canyon block 512, approximately 170 miles southeast of New Orleans, the Knotty Head discovery is the deepest ever drilled in the Gulf of Mexico. The Knotty Head discovery well, in approximately 3,500 feet of water, was drilled to a total depth of more than 34,000 feet, encountering approximately 600 feet of net pay sands in multiple zones. Analysis indicates high quality crude oil in good quality reservoir sands. Further drilling is planned to determine the extent of the discovery. Earlier this year the well was reported to have encountered more than 300 feet of apparent hydrocarbon pay based on measured-while-drilling logs through a depth of 29,670 feet.
Best Buy Co. Inc. announced plans to join several other large firms by building a 30,000-square-foot store at the Prairie Market shopping center on U.S. Highway 34 east of Douglas Road. Best Buy, which has stores nearby in Geneva, Plainfield, Bolingbrook and Naperville, would join a Wal-Mart, Lowe's, Kohl's and Dick's Sporting Goods in the center. Construction is expected to begin in the spring, and Best Buy would open in late 2006 or early in 2007.
Tandy Leather Factory Inc. announced that it expects to open Tandy Leather retail stores in Raleigh, N.C. and Lubbock, Texas in early January 2006. These are the first of twelve planned store openings in 2006 and bring the number of Tandy Leather retail stores to 52. The Raleigh store will be located at 6514 Old Wake Forest Road. The Lubbock store will be located at 4116 Avenue Q.
Boeing Co. will expand its operations at Williams Gateway Airport and a Tucson company will lease enough hard-to-find hangar space there for 30 general aviation aircraft. Boeing will be leasing Hangar 37, an open-ended hangar at the southwest portion of the airport, as well as a small adjacent office building, starting in January. The move represents an expansion of Boeing's Apache Reset program, which repairs and maintains active-duty military helicopters.
Costco Wholesale Corp. plans to construct a warehouse discount store in a proposed 15- to 18-store complex at the northwest corner of I-43 and Highway 60. This would be the first Costco to locate in Wisconsin after a failed attempt on Milwaukee's south side in the late 1980s. Plans call for construction of the Grafton store to begin in the summer, with the complex opening in spring or summer of 2007.
Ford announced that it plans to invest $20 million in building a new flex-fuel engine factory in the Philippines. Flex-fuel engines are designed to operate using either conventional petrol (gasoline) or a mixture of conventional petrol and bioethanol fuels. Flexible-fuel technology is part of Ford's global vision on innovation, and with this investment Ford intends to build the Philippines as its Association of Southeast Asian Nations ASEAN centre of excellence in flexible-fuel technology. Production at the new facility is scheduled to begin at the end of next year.
AK Steel Holding Corp. announced that it will invest approximately $8.5 million at its wholly-owned subsidiary, AK Tube LLC, to produce large diameter stainless tubing that will assist heavy truck manufacturers in meeting new standards for diesel emissions. AK Steel announced that the capital investment would include a resistance- weld tube mill, and associated equipment, capable of producing large-diameter stainless tubing to meet these new requirements. The new U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA) standards, which will become effective January 1, 2007, are designed to lower particulate matter and hydrocarbon emissions from heavy duty diesel engines, the staple of the truck transportation in the United States. Due to the significantly higher exhaust temperatures that will result from the new emission designs, diesel engine manufacturers have specified large diameter stainless tubing for many of the exhaust system components. Historically, those components have been manufactured using bare and aluminum-coated carbon steel tubing.
Century Casinos Inc. has opened an expansion of its South African property, The Caledon Casino, Hotel & Spa. The gaming floor of the casino has been expanded and 50 additional slot machines have been added, raising the total number by 17% to 350. The newly installed machines are amongst the most popular games in South Africa.
Celanese Corp. announced that it will stop production at its 290,000-m.t./year acetic acid plant at Pampa, TX by 2008, and explore alternative uses for the site. The company announced that it will also cease production of all other chemicals at the site. It announced that the plant faces competitive pressures due to its use of the butane-based technology.
With 60 employees of the Georgia-Pacific mill in Old Town to be laid off starting in January. Many of the employees losing their jobs have been with the company for 15 to 25 years - veterans of their workplace - so losing these jobs is a lot like coming to grips with a death in the family.
Eli Lilly & Co. revised its earnings guidance for the fourth quarter of 2005. The company is forecasting earnings per share of 45 cents to 47 cents in the quarter, compared with 75 cents in the period a year earlier. The forecasts will be lowered by about 13 cents to 15 cents a share after taxes.The company also provided earnings guidance for 2006. Earnings in 2006 will increase to $3.10 to $3.20 a share.The company announced that in September that it would reduce its work force by 500 workers.
Weyerhaeuser Co. announced plans to shut a pulp and paper mill in Prince Albert, Sask., with 690 employees, by the end of this month and to cut 120 jobs with the closing of a paper machine in Dryden, Ont., next April.
Terra Industries Inc. announced that effective Jan. 1, 2006, it will suspend ammonia production at its Yazoo City, Miss., facility due to high natural gas costs. Terra will begin in January the maintenance turnaround it had scheduled for February. The company expects to resume ammonia production at Yazoo City after the turnaround is complete and when natural gas costs decrease to a level that will allow the plant to operate with positive cash flow.
First Data Corp. will close its Macon facility next year, cutting about 300 jobs. Much of the work will be moved to Omaha, Neb., where the company will add about 200 positions.
Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings (LabCorp) has plans to build a new 115,000-square-foot office complex on the site of the former Kayser-Roth Building at the southwest corner of South Main and Morehead streets. It will be the anchor for achieving the vision of a more campus-like look. LabCorp, which has owned the building for about 12 years, would bring between 300 and 400 employees from the company's sales and marketing divisions into the new complex. The new complex could cost between $10 million and $12 million.
General Electric Co. is undergoing a substantial expansion in greater Wilmington, N.C. Over the next five years, GE will move the inspection and field service operations for its nuclear business from Memphis, Tenn., and San Jose, Calif.; and move jobs and product lines for its aircraft engine division. About $78 million of investment and 200 new jobs are involved in the Wilmington expansion.
McDonald's Corp. made its debut in Agra on New Year Eve with the opening of its first family restaurant in the town at a local shopping mall. The McDonald's family restaurant is the first establishment to open its doors at the DC Nand Plaza in the Sadar Bazar area of Agra, one of the over dozen shopping malls under construction in the town, which is yet to become fully operational. With the opening of this outlet, the number of McDonalds restaurants in North India, being managed by Connaught Plaza Restaurants Pvt. Ltd, the Joint Venture partner of McDonald's in the Northern parts of the country, has risen to 54 and the number of restaurants in Uttar Pradesh has reached 13, making it the largest concentration of McDonald's restaurants in any state of North India outside Delhi.
American Power Conversion has launched Data Center University, an online educational institution for IT professionals, engineers and people involved in building or operating server rooms and data centers. Data Center University by APC includes both classroom and Web-based courses. The initial launch offers 14 foundational courses and six advanced courses in the subject areas of data center design, build and operations. Courses are available online at http://www.datacenteruniversity.com/ . All courses, which are vendor neutral and do not promote APC products, focus on the critical technologies and best practices that are relevant to leading- edge, scaleable, modular data center infrastructure. Actual data center executives with decades of combined experience participated in the development of the courses. Individuals can complete most of the online, on-demand courses in less than one hour. Data Center University is an educational partner of IEEE.
Datascope Corp. announced that it laid off 33 jobs, or about 20% of its workforce in the Interventional Products Division, in December at a cost of approximately $0.4 million as part of a previously announced restructuring. In addition, as a result of DSCP's decision to redesign the X-Site device to incorporate a pre-tied knot, DSCP wrote-off $1.2 million of existing X-Site inventory and tooling and recorded a liability of approximately $0.7 million for purchase commitments and contract termination costs.
Medtronic Inc. broke ground on the first phase of the company's new 1.5-million-square-foot headquarters campus for its cardiac rhythm management (CRM) business. When phase one is complete, it will be the largest Medtronic facility in the world and will anchor an estimated $1.9 billion in new direct and indirect economic activity in Minnesota over the next 7 years. The 820,000 square-foot, $65-million first phase will house up to 3,200 employees with an array of jobs including research and development, management, marketing, sales, finance and legal departments and all their support functions.
Hedge fund K Capital has said that it may sell some of its OfficeMax Inc. shares, helping send the No. 3 office supplier's stock down 11.5 percent to its lowest close since July 2003. The Boston-based fund, which holds an 8.4 percent stake in the company, also said in an amended filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that it does not intend to initiate a proxy fight to change the slate of directors at the company, despite its continued dissatisfaction. K Capital said it still believes OfficeMax's stock is undervalued and that a break-up or sale of the company may be in shareholders' best interest. K Capital said it will reduce its focus on U.S. investments and therefore may sell some portion of its stake in OfficeMax in the open market, but it expects to maintain a "significant investment" in the company.
Fluor Corp. announced that its Infrastructure business line, a unit of the Industrial & Infrastructure group, is beginning pursuit of healthcare capital projects worldwide. As part of Fluor's strategy to strengthen and diversify its project portfolio, the company is establishing a business in the non-cyclical healthcare market. Fluor is well-positioned to leverage its vast experience in siting, facilities programming, project management, engineering, procurement, construction, financing, operations, and maintenance to add value in this marketplace. With a focus primarily on projects that would allow Fluor to maximize the capabilities and expertise of its employees, Fluor plans to pursue project and program management roles with for-profit, not-for-profit and university clients.
SAVVIS Inc. announced the formation of SAVVIS Federal Systems Inc. (SFS), a wholly owned subsidiary of SAVVIS Inc. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, SFS specializes in the unique information technology needs of the U.S. Federal Government's departments and agencies. SFS will offer the full range of SAVVIS services via its GSA Schedule 70 contract, including hosting, networking, digital content services, managed security services, and professional services. For more than 10 years, SAVVIS has been at the forefront of providing IT services to businesses with the most demanding IT requirements. Now, with the creation of SFS, these high-performance secured solutions will be made available to federal agencies as stand-alone services and as part of contracts with systems integrators and prime contractors.
Chevron Corp. announced another new deepwater oil discovery at the Big Foot Prospect located in Walker Ridge Block 29. The block is approximately 225 miles south of New Orleans. Operated by a Chevron subsidiary, the Big Foot #2 discovery well is located in approximately 5,000 feet of water and was drilled to a total depth of 25,127 feet. The well encountered as much as 300 feet or more of net oil pay. Further appraisal drilling will be required to determine the commercial potential of the discovery. A sidetrack well has begun drilling.
General Motors Corp. is laying off about 500 contract employees, many of them engineers and designers at its Warren technical center. The layoffs planned are part of GM's effort to cut costs in its money-losing North American operations. The cuts are part of a previously announced plan to reduce GM's U.S. white collar work force by 7% in 2006. In November, GM announced plans to cut 30,000 hourly jobs and close 12 facilities by 2008 in an effort to restore profitability.
McGraw-Hill Cos. has cut 500 jobs, mainly at BusinessWeek and its educational-testing unit. McGraw-Hill said it made the cuts to lower costs and reallocate resources. It closed some regional editions of BusinessWeek in Europe and Asia. It restructured its CTB/McGraw-Hill testing unit to move resources from its California operations to new regional offices, and consolidated technology and finance services.
Northwest Airlines Corp. says its proposed regional subsidiary would allow it to expand service to midsize markets, participate in fast-growing sector of industry and offer employment to as many as 800 furloughed pilots by 2010.
Northwest Airlines Corp.'s largest union objected to the company's effort to eliminate almost half its members' jobs to cut costs in bankruptcy. The International Association of Machinists, which represents 15,000 bag handlers, customer-service agents, stock clerks and other workers, reported that the company hasn't negotiated proposed changes to its workers' contracts in good faith, according to a U.S. Bankruptcy Court filing. In a separate filing, flight attendants announced that they may strike if a plan to outsource some jobs on international and U.S. routes is approved. The company is seeking court permission to scrap contracts with its three biggest unions and impose new terms if agreements can't be reached this month.The airline proposes to eliminate bag-handling and customer- service jobs outside its Minneapolis and Detroit bases. The company wants to cut about 6,750 workers and replace them with contractors or employ them at reduced pay in a newly created unit.
Verizon Communications Inc. launched FiOS TV in seven more North Texas communities, bringing to 14 the number of Dallas/Fort Worth suburbs where consumers can obtain the new competitive service that represents an alternative to existing cable and satellite services. Effective immediately, Verizon local telephone customers in Colleyville, Grapevine, Murphy, Sachse, Southlake, Westlake and Wylie now have a new choice for television. Verizon began offering FiOS TV in Keller last September. Last month, the company expanded the service to Carrollton, Coppell, Flower Mound, Fort Worth, Irving and Lewisville. Customer sales in those markets are brisk. Verizon also recently began offering FiOS TV in Herndon, Va., and surrounding parts of Fairfax County, Va., and Temple Terrace, Fla.
Costco Wholesale Corp. reported earnings results for the first eighteen weeks ended January 1, 2006. For the first eighteen weeks, the Company reported net sales of $20.22 billion, an increase of 11% from $18.17 billion during the similar 18-week period of the prior fiscal year.The Company plans to open an additional 20 to 22 new warehouses, including the relocation of two warehouses to larger and better-located facilities, prior to the end of its 53-week 2006 fiscal year ending on September 3, 2006.
EMC Corp. announced that it plans to cut 1,000 jobs in a reorganization. Costs to cut staff will be about $80 million in the fourth quarter. The job cuts announced will happen as hiring occurs elsewhere, resulting in an increase in the workforce by the end of 2006. The reductions follow the integration of acquired companies including Documentum Inc., Legato Systems Inc. and VMware Inc. in recent years, Gallant said. The jobs will be eliminated by a combination of not replacing workers who leave or retire and firing those not performing up to expectations.
MasTec Inc. has announced its intention to sell substantially all of its state Department of Transportation related projects and assets. The projects that are for sale will be accounted for as discontinued operations. Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co., Inc., an investment banking firm, has been retained to assist the Company in its disposition efforts.
Federal-Mogul Corp. said that it is developing a three-year restructuring plan that may cut around 4,500 jobs, or 10% of its work force. The Southfield-based company, which makes headlights, windshield wipers and other products, said the restructuring plan isn't yet finalized, but could affect around 25 facilities. The company has 45,000 employees and 130 manufacturing sites worldwide. Federal-Mogul said its plan would cost between $125 million and $150 million because of severance payments and other factors.
FiberMark Inc. plans to lay off about 135 workers - 20 of them managers - at its two Pohatcong Township plants. The Brattleboro, Vt.-based company is shuttering its plant in the Hughesville section of the township and restructuring operations at its facility in the Warren Glen section. The restructuring is part of FiberMark's emergence from bankruptcy protection after nearly two years.
PetSmart Inc. is entering the Milwaukee area with a new store in Greenfield. PetSmart plans to open a 20,000-square-foot store at 5005 S. 74th St., near Southridge Mall. The store will replace a former Chi-Chi's Restaurant, which will be demolished. The Common Council has granted zoning approval for the store.
Sanmina-SCI Corp. announced Almost 300 jobs are to be lost and it is to close a computer manufacturing plant. Around 650 workers were transferred from IBM to Sanmina three years ago in an outsourcing deal. In December 2003, 250 jobs were shed from the plant.
ArvinMeritor Inc. will make 155 exhaust factory workers redundant over the next 12 months. The announcement follows three months in which unions were locked in negotiations with bosses at the Squires Gate site over the future of the plant. ArvinMeritor has now reached an agreement with employees over the redundancy package. The first wave of redundancies will take place on January 12 when around 30 workers will receive their pay-off.
SITEL Corp. had cut another 150 jobs as part of an ongoing cost-reduction drive. Most of the jobs came out of European operations. Fewer than five people in Omaha had lost their jobs.
Northrop Grumman Corp. has added a new technical services business sector to its corporate structure to focus on providing more integrated product and life-cycle solutions to its clients. The technical services unit is the defense contractors eighth business sector. The other seven are electronic systems, IT, integrated systems, mission systems, Newport News, ship systems and space technology. Headquartered in the Washington area, the technical services sector combines multiple programs and about 10,000 workers in logistics operations from within the company's electronic systems, integrated systems, mission systems and IT sectors. Its main areas of focus include support services for Northrop Grumman original equipment manufacturer products, nonplatform service opportunities and third-party product support opportunities. Businesses initially assigned to the new sector are drawn from Northrop Grummans electronic systems, integrated systems, mission systems and IT sectors.James L. Cameron has been appointed corporate vice president and president of the technical services sector, and will report directly to Ronald D. Sugar, Northrop Grummans chairman, chief executive officer and president. Cameron previously was vice president and general manager of the defensive and navigation systems divisions of the company's electronic systems sector. Before he joined Northrop Grumman in 2003, he held executive positions at ITT Industries Inc., Lockheed Martin Corp., Litton Industries Inc. and the Office of the U.S. Secretary of Defense.
Kmart is laying off workers at many of its 1,429 locations. No stores are closing as a result, but affected workers got notice of their layoffs. The company has been reviewing its staffing for the past several months in an attempt to improve customer service, the company said. Some stores will be losing employees, others will be gaining them, and some will not see any change at all.
United Parcel Service Inc.'s UPS CampusShip™, a Web-based technology that makes it easy for far-flung employees to use a common package shipping system, is expanding its geographic reach to 17 additional countries and another territory. The expansion brings to 42 the number of countries and territories in which business customers can use the technology. With UPS CampusShip, employees in different locations can easily process and prepare UPS package shipping labels from their own computers. Company managers, meantime, can monitor the process; establish company or department shipping guidelines (i.e., certain employees can ship air express), and accurately track and allocate shipping costs by department or location.
Superior Industries International, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors has authorized management to engage an investment banker and/or other advisors to explore options for disposal of the Company's suspension components business.
Corning Inc. announced grand opening ceremony of the company's LCD glass substrate facility at the Central Taiwan Science Park in Taichung, Taiwan. Corning has built a strong foundation in Taiwan by providing the Taiwan market with advanced technologies and innovative products, building a close relationship with Taiwan customers, and contributing to Taiwan's economy. This facility represents Corning's largest capital investment announced for a single manufacturing facility worldwide at approximately $1.5 billion. Moreover, when complete, this facility will be among the largest LCD glass substrate manufacturing facilities in the world and is designed for further expansion as needed to maintain pace with the growth of Corning's customers.
Toys R Us Inc. announced that it will shutter 87 locations in coming months as part of its reorganization after being taken private in 2005, but plans to convert 12 of those into Babies R Us stores. The closures will cause the company to record $155 million of restructuring charges, including $45 million for the cost of liquidating the inventory. Some $99 million will be recorded during the fourth quarter ended Jan. 28, and $56 million in the first quarter. The company did not specify which of its 674 U.S. Toys R Us stores are slated to close.
International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. announced that it will eliminate around 300 manufacturing, selling, research and administration jobs, principally in its European and North American operations. The company announced that it expects to take charges of around $25 million to $30 million mainly in the fourth quarter in connection to these job eliminations.
Newell Rubbermaid Inc. has announced it will expand its Maryville, Tennessee, manufacturing operations by 200 jobs. The decision increases the company’s presence in the Knoxville-Oak Ridge Innovation Valley to nearly 800 employees. The Maryville plant produces personal organizing products and desktop accessories under Rubbermaid's Eldon brand. Newell Rubbermaid's announcement comes on the heels of a 500-job expansion at auto supplier Denso's Maryville manufacturing facility. The expansion, which is expected to be completed by mid-April, will centralize the Eldon division’s injection moulding operations and distribution. It also takes advantage of excess capacity at the 175,000 square foot Maryville facility.
Harrah's Entertainment Inc. announced that it will invest more than $1 billion to build two casinos in Biloxi. Harrah's will build two casinos one on the north side of Beach Boulevard and one on the south side and the project will cost more than $1 billion. The company could open a casino inside its Bayview Hotel as early as this summer.
3D Systems Corp. announced that it has opened a 12,000 square foot temporary facility in Rock Hill, S.C., to serve as its initial base of operations in Rock Hill. The company has previously announced its plans to consolidate its corporate headquarters, its principal R&D activities and all other key support functions into a new facility in the Waterford Industrial Park in Rock Hill, which is located 25 miles south of Charlotte, N.C. The company expects to complete its move to this new global headquarters by September 30, 2006.
Rainmaker Systems Inc. announced it has expanded its services into the financial services marketplace.The company is now working with two key clients, RSM McGladrey Financial Process Outsourcing -- a subsidiary of H&R Block, and a significant Fortune 300 Financial Services provider of transaction processing and information-based business solutions. These clients have engaged Rainmaker in deploying integrated applications of the company's broad range of services including data development, strategic marketing, lead nurturing and pipeline delivery. RSM McGladrey selected Rainmaker because of the proven ability to engage with senior level business decision makers in providing lead nurturing services. Additionally, a significant Fortune 300 Financial Services client is already benefiting from Rainmaker's approach.
The next piece of News Corp.'s Internet strategy is likely to be providing high-speed Internet access through its DirecTV unit. It is willing to spend as much as $1 billion to offer consumers two-way service. Currently, the company's (NWS) Direcway unit offers one-way Net service via satellite. DirecTV (DTV) announced that it was considering entering the wireless market, possibly using WiMax technology, which is under development.
Mc Cormick announced that it will cut about 400 jobs in California and close a facility there and in Hunt Valley, Md. The company will move production to other plants by the end of the year.
McCormick & Co. Inc. announced that it will close a spice-making plant in Salinas, Calif., and move the jobs to other facilities in Maryland and elsewhere as part of a continuing restructuring plan aimed at reversing a year of disappointing financial results. The company said it also plans to close its condiment manufacturing plant in Hunt Valley and transfer production to an alternate plant in South Bend, Ind., by the end of 2006. The 80 to 100 employees at the closed plant will be moved into other jobs in Maryland.
Oracle Corp. is planning to expand its operation from six metros to 15 non-metro cities in India and increase its workforce in the country from 8,600 to 10,000 over the next eight months. The company also announced that it was in the process of building 'a suite of applications' called 'Fusion Applications' to lower the cost of computing. Oracle has already invested nearly $2 billion in India over the last five years to support its development centres and in companies like i-flex. The company also plans to increase its investment in the e-governance space.
Visteon Corp. plans to close three plants and put another six up for sale under a restructuring plan disclosed Wednesday that could affect up to 23 of its facilities world-wide. Visteon said it is trying to sell six plants and would give more details as talks progress. It is also developing plans to improve 12 under performing plants. 
Visteon Corp. plans to close three plants and put another six up for sale under a restructuring plan that could affect up to 23 of its facilities worldwide. Under the new restructuring plan, Visteon plans to close plants in Monterrey, Mexico, and Rio Grande, Puerto Rico, in the first quarter of this year. It plans to close a third plant in Buffalo, N.Y., in the third quarter, although around 70 customer service and engineering employees at the Buffalo plant are expected to keep their jobs. It also plans to transfer 100 jobs from its plant in Swansea, Wales, to Ford. Visteon didn't release the total number of employees who could be affected. Visteon has around 15,800 employees in North America, including 11,000 hourly workers at 35 plants. The company has a total of 50,000 hourly and salaried employees at 170 facilities worldwide. In addition to the closures, Visteon trying to sell six plants and would give more details as talks progress. The company said it's working with 12 plants to transfer work to other facilities or close out product lines.
Calgon Carbon Corp. announced that it plans to move some work to Kentucky from Ohio and will idle a California plant, a decision that will cost about 30 jobs and provide annual savings of about $2 million. Twenty jobs will be eliminated at the Pittsburgh-based company's Columbus, Ohio, plant. Ten positions will be cut at the company's site in Blue Lake, California, which is being taken off line temporarily. The cuts represent 2.7% of the company's workforce. Calgon will move some Ohio work to its Big Sandy plant in Catlettsburg, Kentucky.
JLG Industries Inc. announced that it plans to build a research and development facility in McConnellsburg, Pa., where it's headquartered. The company also announced that it has reopened its 130,000-square-foot plant in Bedford, Pa. The reopened plant will consolidate all of the manufacturing, sales, marketing, engineering and administrative functions of its commercial solutions group. JLG makes access equipment and highway-speed telescopic hydraulic excavators.
Lockheed Martin Corp. opened its new Post Production Center of Excellence for the U.S. Navy's Fleet Ballistic Missile (FBM) program at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The center consolidates the company's FBM work performed in Florida for the U.S. Navy's Trident ballistic missile submarine fleet. Lockheed Martin Space Systems FBM operations previously conducted in other facilities at Cape Canaveral and in the surrounding Cocoa Beach area have been consolidated in the center -- a renovated 70,000-square-foot government-owned facility. Lockheed Martin employs 185 people at the new center, which is responsible for a variety of Trident II D5 FBM deployed systems support activities.
The Pepsi Bottling Group Inc. plans to close its warehouse in Lewistown. The 12 employees at the facility will be offered other positions either in Lewistown or at Pepsi Bottling Group's larger facility in Altoona. The Lewistown warehouse is expected to close by the end of March.
CONSOL Energy Inc. announced that it has signed a contract to provide up to 82.5 million tons of high-Btu bituminous coal to various American Electric Power Co. Inc. coal-fired power stations over a 15-year period, starting in 2007. Financial terms of the agreement weren't disclosed. The coal will come from Consol's McElroy and Shoemaker mines. The company subsequently said it plans to invest $150 million to $200 million to replace Shoemaker's underground rail haulage system. The capital improvement project is expected to be complete in 2009 and will increase the mine's capacity to 6 million tons a year from 4 million tons.
Terremark Worldwide Inc. announced the launch of its Secure Information Services Group (SIS) to provide professional information assurance services to its customers. The SIS Group will provide a suite of services, including vulnerability assessments and penetration tests, secure information systems design and implementation, information security policy and procedure development and review, incident preparation and response. This service offering will help safeguard customer networks and systems located in Terremark's facilities and extend to a customer's premises.
Six Flags Inc. announced the creation of the company's new Entertainment and Marketing department. The department, led by veterans of the entertainment, marketing and communications fields, will focus on creating a rich entertainment environment focused on the family audience at Six Flags parks around the country. The new department, based in New York City, includes in-park entertainment, promotions, licensing agreements, advertising, communications and investor relations. Angelina Vieira, Senior Vice President, Entertainment and Marketing. As President of Bugaboo, creators of the popular Bugaboo Frog baby stroller, Angie launched the company's North American marketing campaigns, enabling sales growth of over 500% in just two years. Former ESPN executive Mike Antinoro will lead the division as Executive Vice President, Entertainment and Marketing. Antinoro served as the Executive Producer of ESPN Original Entertainment (EOE) through November 2005. Reporting to Antinoro will be Angelina Vieira, Senior Vice President, Entertainment and Marketing.
Hedge fund K Capital told the board of No. 3 office supplier OfficeMax Inc. that it continues to believe the company should be sold, according to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We believe the best path forward for your shareholders is obvious," K Capital said in a letter on Tuesday and included in Wednesday's filing. Boston-based K Capital owns a 6.4 percent stake in OfficeMax, which on Tuesday said it would close 110 U.S. stores by the end of March and take total charges of $187 million for the fourth and first quarters. 
Active Voice, LLC announced that it has added a new training center to its corporate offices in Seattle, Washington. The new training facility was built to accommodate Active Voice and NEC resellers and customers seeking training on Active Voice and NEC messaging products. The training center features security access, classroom-style seating for 12 students, kitchen, and break area. Instructor-led training courses for Active Voice's Kinesis* unified communications system and NEC's NEAXMail(R) AD-120 messaging system will be offered in Seattle beginning January 2006.
Buckeye Technologies Inc. announced the establishment of an organization effective February 1, 2006 whose mission is to bring new products to the market on an accelerated schedule. The company also announced that the new organization will be led by Mr. Jeffery T. Cook who will be appointed Senior Vice President, Marketing. In addition to Mr. Cook, Ms. Susan L. H. Crenshaw, who will be appointed Vice President, Market Development, and Mr. Henry E. Hall, who will be appointed Vice President, Commercial Development, will play key roles in the new organization. Mr. Cook most recently served as Senior Vice President, Product and Market Development. Ms. Crenshaw most recently served as Vice President, Nonwovens and Absorbent Fibers Product Development. Mr. Hall is being elected Vice President.
Hertz Corp. announced that it has opened a new Hertz Local Edition car rental facility in Carrollton, Texas. This opening represents Hertz's commitment to serving its suburban clientele looking to rent a car for insurance replacement needs, business trips, vacations and everyday purposes. Conveniently located on Interstate 35 East, the Hertz facility is onsite at the Vista Ridge Dealership and is easily accessible from other major car dealerships and vehicle repair shops. The new location provides Hertz customers with a full range of rental vehicles including minivans and compact through full-size cars. Pick-up and drop-off service, insurance replacement rentals, and Hertz #1 Club Gold counter service are also available. The new Hertz Local Edition facility is located on the Northbound service road of I35E at 2700 North Interstate 35 East, just north of the George Bush Turnpike.
Boeing Co. announced that it has agreed to occupy three airplane hangars at a new maintenance and technology center across from Tinker Air Force Base, the first phase of a proposed $500 million project that could eventually produce 1,000 jobs. Boeing will use the hangars to upgrade U.S. Air Force AWACS planes. The Oklahoma Maintenance, Repair & Overhaul Technology Center will be located on a 370-acre site. The first hangar is expected to be completed in November, 2006 and Boeing said about 50 employees will be hired or transfer from other company facilities. By the end of August 2008, the company expects to employ 275 to 325 in three hangars. The projection of 1,000 eventual jobs involves plans for 17 hangars at the center to be occupied by private aerospace companies.
General Motors Corporation announced that the plant that builds the Chevrolet SSR sport truck will be shut down for good on or around March 17. The move will idle 430 GM workers and put 181 workers at a local car parts supplier out of work. GM had announced in November that it would close the Lansing Craft Centre along with eight other North American assembly, stamping and powertrain facilities by 2008 as part of an effort to return the company to profitability. The Craft Centre had been expected to stay open until this summer, but lack of demand for the SSR moved the closing date to March.
Tyson Foods Inc. plans to spend more than $30 million to add bacon production at its plant in Cherokee, Iowa. Bacon operations at the facility are currently scheduled to begin by late summer 2006 and will complement production at the company's existing bacon plants in Omaha, Nebraska and Vernon, Texas.
Tyson Foods Inc. announced that it is dismissing about 400 workers at two northeast Iowa facilities. The company announced that its Independence and Oelwein plants were old and needed more capital investments than were economically feasible. The facilities, which produce chopped ham and sliced lunch meats, will close by March 17.
Del Laboratories Inc. announced that it will lay off about 330 employees because it is ceasing operations at two warehouses and converting a factory to a warehouse. The company is closing a factory in Little Falls, N.Y., and warehouses in Gilbert, N.Y. and Herkimer, N.Y. The Little Falls facility will be converted to a warehouse and production will be moved to its factory in Rocky Point, N.C.
Williams-Sonoma Inc. plans to shutter its 11 Hold Everything stores, including three in the Bay Area. The company will shift some of the merchandise from Hold Everything into its other stores, specifically Pottery Barn and West Elm, by the end of this year. Scheduled for closure are stores in San Francisco, Palo Alto and Emeryville.
Rockwell Collins Inc. is seeking to expand with a new office building that would house 275 new employees. The company wants to invest more than $14 million in the new building. State and local incentive packages that would allow the expansion are pending before the city and state. The tax incentives we've applied for are for the creation of 275 jobs, primarily in engineering.
General Motors Corporation will close nine assembly plants and eliminate 30,000 manufacturing jobs by 2008 while getting about $1 billion in annual savings from union health care concessions.
Lucent Technologies Inc. revised earnings guidance for the full year ending September 30, 2006. For the period the company expects revenue to be flat or in the low-single-digit % (percentage)range, down from its forecast of a %(percentage) increase in the mid-single digits.The company also provided earnings guidance for the first fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2005. For the period the company expects revenue of about $2.05 billion down from the $2.43 billion it reported in the fourth quarter.The company has announced that it will cut 1,000 jobs this year after reducing its workforce to 30,500 employees from 106,500 four years ago.
Cisco Systems Inc. announced that it plans to enter the mainstream consumer electronics market, challenging companies such as Sony and Samsung in the production of radios, stereos, phones and home theatre equipment.
INTERMET Corp. announced that it is upgrading two foundries located in Minnesota and Virginia. The modernization project involves the replacement of molding lines that produce ductile-iron cast components. Construction began during the second quarter of last year with expected completion this month. Phase one of the project involved the replacement of molding equipment in the company's Hibbing Foundry in Hibbing, Minn. The Hibbing facility currently is in full production with its new line. As a result of the upgrade, total annual casting capacity at the plant has been increased by about 65%. The second phase of INTERMET's planned modernization program involves the replacement of one of two molding lines at its New River Foundry in Radford, Va. The new molding lines are manufactured by DISA Industries, A.S., and have been designed to improve component manufacturability and quality through the use of the latest in production-casting technologies. A DISA model 230A has been installed at INTERMET's Hibbing facility. The New River Foundry, which has over 100,000 tons of annual casting capacity, is expected to be in production with its new DISA model 250C line during the first quarter of 2006. This DISA 250 line is the first installation of the improved performance and capability equipment to be used predominantly for the automotive market in North America. The plant's other molding line has remained in production during construction.
Collins & Aikman Corp. has begun to market itself for sale to interested parties, including billionaire investor Wilbur Ross. The Troy, Mich., company, which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy-court protection in May, sent out an informational booklet that details its $2.5 billion in 2005 North American sales to strategic buyers, like other parts makers, and financial buyers, like private-equity groups. C&A, which makes parts such as instrument panels, floor mats and carpets, is touting its individual businesses and the company as a whole. It is unclear how much C&A or its businesses would fetch. C&A hadn't previously indicated whether it would seek a sale as part of its restructuring strategy, though Mr. Ross and another potential buyer, closely held supplier Plastech Engineered Products Inc., of Dearborn, Mich., had expressed interest in a possible deal. Plastech later declined to pursue a deal.
CSG Systems International Inc. announced the formation of a new Professional Services Group designed to help CSG's customers optimize their use of the company's billing and customer care solutions. The group will consist of two focused areas: the Broadband Consulting Group and the Optimization Services Group. The Broadband Consulting Group delivers core system expertise for CSG's flagship billing and customer care solution, CSG ACP (Advanced Convergent Platform), and can build custom applications that integrate with the billing system, based on specific customer requirements. The newly formed Optimization Services Group will work closely with CSG customers to help maximize the return on the investment they have made in CSG's solutions by assessing customer-specific operational needs and then working with customers to better use solution features to maximize operational efficiencies. This group will include experts in workforce automation, customer care, call center operations and voice services who can work directly with customers to solve business challenges.Ron Vernon, vice president of professional services will lead the new organization. Vernon has served CSG's broadband customer accounts nationwide by directing sales and support operations for the past five years.
infoUSA Inc. announced that it will establish a new Product Design and Development Center for Sales Genie at its San Carlos Office in the Bay Area. SalesGenie.com has been an instant hit with small businesses and sales people. SalesGenie.com provides unlimited access to its databases so they can create sales leads, mailing lists and have unlimited access to business credit reports. This powerful application will eventually increase the customer base and sales of the users. SalesGenie.com provides a convergence between its database content and technology to provide solutions to small businesses and improves the productivity of sales people and their corporate market.
International Business Machines Corp. started a new unit Business Performance Transformation Services unit and appointed two new general managers to boost growth. The Technology Collaboration Solutions unit, under Adalio Sanchez, will combine existing hardware businesses including engineering and technical services and microelectronics. Erich Clementi will lead the Business Performance Transformation Services unit. Sanchez was general manager of the p-series server business and Clementi was general manager of the z-series business.
Spansion Inc. announced its entry into the NAND portion of the cell phone market, through a family of wireless solutions integrating 90nm MirrorBit(TM) ORNAND(TM) Flash memory with its NOR portfolio of products. With MirrorBit NOR for code execution and MirrorBit ORNAND for data storage, the solutions deliver a complete memory subsystem for a range of phones that enable DVD-quality video, CD-quality audio and up to 5-megapixel photos on wireless handsets.
Collins & Aikman Corp. said that it will stick to a dual strategy to emerge from bankruptcy either as a whole or it will break up and sell its units to prospective buyers. In a statement, the company said that in addition to trying to remain as a stand-alone company, Collins & Aikman is seeking through advisers to market some or all its assets "to determine their market value for a potential sale, merger or equity infusion from investors." "We are in the midst of developing a comprehensive business plan that includes detailed, three-year projections to determine our base value," said President and Chief Executive Officer Frank Macher. "From there, we will evaluate the benefits of structuring the company as a stand-alone entity or explore the possible sale or merger of our assets to a third party." 
Nu Horizons Electronics Corp. announced the formation of Nu Horizons Express, a new company division specializing in enhanced sales support and service for customers requiring components in lower volumes. Nu Horizons Express is located at the company's corporate headquarters in Melville, New York. The toll free number for Nu Horizons Express is 877-244-5939 and hours of operation are 7:30 AM - 8:00 PM EST.
Andersons Inc. announced that after getting requests from customers and watching other retailers profit from java-related profits, has decided to sell the coffee. Acting on the well-grounded consumer love of gourmet coffees, the local agribusiness is putting coffee bars in its Maumee and Toledo general stores. The Maumee one will open in two weeks, the other in about four weeks. In the end, the company decided to open its own coffee bars instead of co-branding with a well-known chain like Starbucks or Beaners.
Convergys Corp. announced that it is celebrated the opening of a branch in Dalian Software Park. Convergys was the first Fortune 500 Company to have settled into the park since the beginning of this year and also the 31st one establishing presence in Dalian for software research and service. The new branch, convergys Information Technology Service (Dalian) Company Limited, is mainly charged to provide backup service to Northeast Asian (Greater China, Japan and South Korea) customers in relation to HR processes outsourcing, including recruiting solutions, HR management solutions, compensation solutions, welfare solutions and learning solutions.
Sears Holdings Corporation announced plans to close Riverhead store. The store is scheduled to close its doors around the time when its lease expires, March 31, 2006. About 30 people work at the Riverhead store. The company is hosting an internal job fair later this month, and some employees may be offered jobs at nearby Kmart or Sears locations.
Weyerhaeuser Co. announced that 260 people at the Big River sawmill and another 55 at the Wapawekka lumber mill near Prince Albert will be laid off April 19, 2006. The company's pulp mill in Prince Albert is scheduled to shut down in April 2006, and the other two operations depend on selling the chips and wood waste to the pulp mill to stay open.
BellSouth announced that BellSouth(R) Wireless Broadband Service is now available in DeLand, Fla. BellSouth's wireless broadband service offers residential and business customers high-speed Internet access, with downstream speeds up to 1.5Mbps and no phone line needed. The system transmits signals between local radio towers and a small non-line-of-sight desktop subscriber modem and utilizes BellSouth licensed WCS 2.3GHz spectrum. BellSouth was the first major telecom provider to commercially launch wireless broadband using pre-WIMAX technology. The company initially deployed the service last August in Athens, Ga., and has since deployed in Palatka, Fla.; New Orleans, La.; Gulfport, Miss.; Biloxi, Miss.; and now DeLand, Fla. BellSouth plans to expand the service to additional cities throughout 2006.
Briggs & Stratton Corp. lowered its fiscal 2006 forecast on weaker lawnmower demand. Earnings for the fiscal year ending June 30 will be between $2.75 and $2.87 a share. The company had forecast $3.17 to $3.27 a share in August. The company plans to cut as much as 8% of salaried jobs.
Colgate-Palmolive Co. plans to build a new toothpaste manufacturing plant in Morristown that will employ more than 220 people. The 150,000-square-foot plant is set to be built in the Morristown Airport Industrial District, according to Gov. Construction of the new facility will start in May, and hiring for jobs is expected to begin early next year.
Russ Berrie & Co. Inc. announced, in connection with its previously disclosed restructuring plan, the closure of its Petaluma, CA distribution center effective June 30, 2006. The closure will result in the elimination of approximately 40 positions and will result in a pre-tax restructuring charge of approximately $1.6 million to be recognized during the first half of 2006. The Company anticipates annualized savings of approximately $1.6 million as a result of this action.
The new Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s Supercenter will open for business Jan. 27. It will bring new convenience to shoppers in Clermont. The store is on U.S. Highway 27 at Johns Lake Road by the Lost Lake development near Kings Ridge. It joins another south Lake County Wal-Mart Supercenter that is 12 miles to the south on U.S. 27 and Cagan Crossings. That store opened last year. The store is expected to provide 475 to 500 jobs.
Standard Management Corp. announced plans to open a new institutional pharmacy in Cincinnati, Ohio within the next ninety days. The location was previously part of Precision Healthcare, Inc. of Nashville, Tennessee. Precision was acquired as a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Management in 2005. The new facility will help to grow in the Cincinnati market, putting closer to customer base. Marketing and sales growth will also facilitate growth in 2006.
Intrado Inc. announced that its 9-1-1 Integration Lab will be available as an industry resource for 9-1-1 technology suppliers and the public safety community to conduct comprehensive testing and integration. The facility provides a technology platform and processes designed to speed the introduction of next-generation 9-1-1 functionality with the existing 9-1-1 operating environment in an evolutionary and non-disruptive way. The lab environment is based on the Intrado Intelligent Emergency Network(TM) (IEN), Intrado's next-generation, IP-based, emergency communications services platform. Built on an open ATIS-approved standards architecture with a hardened, secure, and technology-neutral operating platform, the Intrado lab will streamline validation of new 9-1-1 services and allow them to proliferate more quickly without compromising the integrity of the 9-1-1 network.
Boeing Co. announced that Propulsion Systems Division in the Puget Sound area will do engine and strut buildup work for the planned 747-8. Spirit Aerosystems in Wichita, Kan., will design and build engine pylons and nacelle components for the 747-8, the bigger, more fuel-efficient version of the four-engine jumbo jet. Boeing is also parceling work on the new plane to its plant in Winnipeg, Saskatchewan, to build the aft pylon fairing and its Portland plant for the engine mounts.
Ford Motor Co. aims to change that with a restructuring plan to be announced that likely will include closing some U.S. plants, cutting jobs and changing the company's product lineup. Already some are wondering if shutting 10 plants and laying off 25,000 hourly workers will be enough to reverse the automaker's billion-dollar losses in North America.
Comcast Corp. will dismiss about 125 workers at its division office in White Marsh about three-quarters of the office's staff in the coming months. The layoffs are part of Comcast's previously announced move to merge its Mid-Atlantic and Eastern divisions as it prepares to integrate Adelphia Communications Corp. and Time Warner Inc. divisions. The eastern division will include cable systems in Philadelphia, central Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Washington, Virginia and New Jersey.
Sixty-one workers at Saucony Inc. will lose their jobs. New owner Stride Rite Corp. is shutting down Saucony's headquarters and warehouse there and consolidating the operations at its own headquarters in Lexington. Saucony's Peabody shutdown date depends on ongoing integration efforts, but workers are expected to be gone by mid-March. Stride Rite has the 140,000-square-foot facility up for sale.
Google Inc. announced the Google Video Store, the first open video marketplace enabling consumers to buy and rent a wide range of video content from a major television network (CBS), a professional sports league (NBA), cable programmers, independent producers and filmmakers. Google video will let subscribers watch high-quality video on the Web. For video producers and anyone with a video camera, Google Video provides a platform to publish to the entire Google audience in a fast, free and seamless way.
Russell Corp. will eliminate 2,300 jobs about 15% of its worldwide work force and freeze its pension plan. The job cuts, most of which will come in the U.S., are part of a bid by Russell to reduce costs so it can continue selling men's fleece products to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The company previously said it lost a contract to sell fleece products for boys to Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer. The loss left Russell with too much manufacturing capacity, making cutbacks necessary. Russell said the company will eliminate about 2,300 jobs from its global work force of 15,000. About 1,700 of the jobs cuts will be in the United States, with about 1,250 in Alabama. Russell said it also would reduce an unspecified number of workers in Chantilly, Va., and cut about 90 office jobs in its former headquarters at Alexander City, Ala. and in Atlanta, where the company has been based since its last restructuring. Russell also plans to close a sewing plant that employs about 600 people in Jimenez, Mexico, and said it would move production of Huffy Sports backboards from Sussex, Wisc., to China, eliminating 85 U.S. jobs.
Kodak announced that the Harlow, Essex-based unit, which has 49 full-time and 68 part-time staff, was no longer part of its long-term strategy of digital imaging and would close at the end of 2006. But the decision leaves around 400 customers who had booked services for 2007 in limbo, although Kodak has pledged to help them find alternative photography services. Letters have been sent to couples whose plans have been disrupted by the closure and Kodak Weddings has promised to make direct contact to discuss their options.
Dana Corp. announced that it will transfer several production lines overseas in the next 18 months. The decision will reduce local workforce by about 45. This action is part of Dana's continued effort to improve cost competitiveness throughout its operations.
Ford Motor Co. announced plans to cut up to 30,000 jobs and shutter 14 plants in a sweeping restructuring, dubbed the Way Forward, which it hopes will tackle declining market share and rising costs that have led to billion-dollar losses in North America. Ford said the plan will restore profitability by 2008. The cuts represent up to 25% of Ford's North American work force of 122,000 people. Ford has approximately 87,000 hourly workers and 35,000 salaried workers. In addition, Ford plans to cut 12% of its corporate officers in the next two months.
Gap and Gap Kids at Crossroads Center in Waterloo will close at the end of the month. Gap Inc. decided not to renew its lease on either store. The decision does not affect Old Navy, which is also owned by Gap Inc. Gap, said some of the factors that go into making such a decision include store location, number of stores in the market and store performance. According to its past quarterly statement, filed in November, Gap Inc. closed 11 stores and opened 99 during the third quarter of the company's fiscal year. By the end of the fiscal year, the company expects to have opened a total of 195 stores while closing 145. The stores include Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic and Forth & Towne.
First Data Corp. has laid off 3% of its workforce, or about 1,000 people, as it seeks to cut costs. Most of the layoffs will be in the company's Card Issuing Services unit. The company expects to take additional actions aimed at further reducing overall operating costs prior to the end of 2005 that would result in additional charges during the quarter.
Murphy Oil Corp. announced that it has been granted an extension in the exploration term of a portion of Block K and an award of a new deepwater Block P. Murphy will have a 60% interest in both blocks. The remaining interest will be held by PETRONAS Carigali. The Block K extension and the new Block P have been created from part of the acreage originally awarded to Murphy and partner PETRONAS Carigali in 1999 and known as Block K which had come to the end of its seven year exploration period. All oil fields discovered during the first exploration term will remain at the original Block K working interest.
Verizon Communications Inc.'s information-technology solution unit officially opened offices in over 75 countries worldwide. Created as a result of the merger between Verizon Communications and MCI, Verizon Business will offer integrated wireless and wired network access for corporations.
After months of rumors and conflicting media reports, the roughly 1,500 workers at Ford Motor Co.'s Wixom Assembly plant learned their fate. Company officials announced that the plant, which makes the slow-selling Lincoln LS, the Lincoln Town Car and the niche-market Ford GT, will close by the second quarter of 2007. Thirteen other Ford facilities also will close by 2012 as part of Ford's Way Forward restructuring plan to shed costs and become more competitive. For many, the uncertainty is just beginning. Those old enough will retire, worried about the security of their pensions. Younger workers are hoping to land jobs at other plants, but they're not optimistic.
Ford Motor Co. officials re-affirmed the closing of the Windsor Casting Plant by 2008 but also reported they remained committed to introducing a new engine project into Windsor by late next year. The new-generation V8 engine, expected to be a diesel, will be built at the Essex Engine Plant after its current V-6 production line is phased out by late 2007 or 2008. Closure of the casting plant and the loss of almost 700 jobs by late 2007 or early 2008 was announced last September as part of a collective agreement reached between the company and the CAW. In addition, production of V-6 engines at Essex Engine Plant will also be phased out during the same time period, resulting in an additional 400 job losses pending introduction of the new engine project.
Hewlett-Packard Co. plans to expand its global services center in Costa Rica, doubling the number of employees to 1,000. The company will locate those 500 new jobs in the areas of IT support, call center operations, computer systems and administrative processes.
Alliance Data Systems Corp., the operator the Air Miles customer loyalty program, is being pressured by some investors to spin off the business as an income trust, the National Post reported, citing unidentified people. Investment bankers contacted last year by ADS valued the Air Miles business at $1.6 billion, similar to the Toronto-listed Aeroplan Income Fund spun off by ACE Aviation Holdings Inc. in June, the newspaper said. The Dallas-based company's board plans to discuss plans for Air Miles in meetings before an earnings release scheduled for Feb. 1, the Toronto-based newspaper said.
Alcoa Inc. has started its $30 million expansion project to boost rolling output at its Itapissuma plant in northeast brazil's Pernambuco state. Alcoa's board on December 2005 approved the Itapissuma project, which is designed to increase output capacity by roughly 30% to 45,000t by 2007. The plant also manufactures extruded products and plastic lids.
Avery Dennison Corp. posted a quarterly loss after accounting for restructuring actions and said it would cut more jobs and sell another business. The fourth-quarter net loss of $6.9 million, or 7 cents a share, compared with a net profit in the year-earlier quarter of $83.6 million, or 83 cents a share. Avery said it is in talks to sell a business consisting of raised reflective pavement markers. It also is negotiating the sale of two product lines.
CBS Corporation has formed a new corporate unit, dubbed CBS Vision, to consolidate all the conglom's ratings and audience research. Division will oversee all CBS audience research activities as well as provide data to advertisers and distribution partners such as Google, Comcast and Verizon.
Neoware Systems Inc. announced that its thin client product line, including its newest thin client additions, the Neoware e90 and Neoware e140, is now available for the Scandinavian market through AKS, the specialist in access infrastructure computing. Neoware's thin clients and software reduce costs, enhance security, and improve manageability for businesses around the globe. By distributing Neoware thin clients, AKS provides the Scandinavian markets, including Denmark, with the industry's broadest family of thin client solutions available, with a choice of performance and expansion options, price points and capabilities including: Neoware Capio One. The Neoware Capio One is the most cost-effective member of Neoware's fast, easy, and affordable line of thin clients. Neoware c50. The Neoware c50 offers more processing power in a sleek, streamlined enclosure. Neoware e90. The Neoware e90 provides high performance with internal power in a space-saving design. Neoware e100. The Neoware e100 offers high performance and an optional PCI slot for expansion. Neoware e140. The Neoware e140 provides Neoware's fastest performance and digital video for brighter, truer colors and a superior visual experience. Neoware e370. The Neoware e370 is a powerful thin client integrated into a 17 flat panel monitor with DVI, featuring almost 30% more viewing area than comparable 15 displays.
Benchmark Electronics Inc. is to shut its site at Meridian Business Park, near Braunstone. The company has made an announcement that it is going to close its operations in Leicester and all the people it employs here are going to be made redundant.
CA Inc. announced that it has decided to go forward with the previously announced plan to eliminate 10% of its worldwide workforce and to close as many as 75 of CA's 100 software development centers to reduce costs.
Last July, Kimberly-Clark Corp. announced plans to close, sell or streamline about 24 facilities and cut about 10% of its worldwide work force. So far, 13 of the 24 plants already have been notified of their future. In the Fox Cities, the company will close its Neenah South plant later this year while expanding its Cold Spring facility in Neenah. About 30 jobs will be lost in that move locally. The initial phase of the cost-savings plan should be complete by mid-2007.
Kimberly-Clark Corp. announced an expansion of its Beech Island tissue mill that will create 150 jobs and add more than 900,000 square feet of space. The expansion will house a state-of-the-art tissue machine that will boost the plant's capacity to produce Kleenex, Scott and Cottonelle brand tissues and paper towels. When completed, the Beech Island mill, which also produces Huggies diapers and Cottonelle Fresh Rollwipes moist toilet tissue, will employ 1,200 and cover 3 million square feet of space. The mill also employs about 450 contract workers, half of which work in the facility's warehouse operation.
PPG Industries Inc. has laid off 27 employees at its Springdale plant. The workers, all salaried chemists and technicians, were notified on January 24, 2006 that their jobs were being eliminated immediately. About 500 work at the facility, which produces coatings and resins.
Pope & Talbot Inc. announced that it would be operating the Midway sawmill and dry kilns on a one-shift basis beyond the previously announced closure date of March 31, 2006. The Company is continuing with its plan to expand and modernize its Grand Forks sawmill, which is expected to produce 255 million board feet of lumber, as well as plane an additional 95 million board feet of lumber produced at Midway. The logs to support the additional Midway production will come from purchases outside the region, consistent with the Company's past practices.
Lexmark announced that it would close a plant in Rosyth, Fife, which makes inkjet cartridges, with the loss of 700 jobs. The cuts are part of plans to slash 6pc of the workforce worldwide to cut costs. It came alongside a near halving in quarterly profits in the face of tough price competition, falling computer printer sales and higher pension costs.
Walter Industries Inc. announced that Mueller Water Products Inc. will close the Henry Pratt (Pratt) valve manufacturing facility in Dixon, Ill. by the end of 2006. The process of transferring the Dixon plant's operations to other Pratt facilities will begin immediately. The Dixon plant manufactures various types of valves for water, wastewater, and power generation facilities. Products currently manufactured and assembled at the Dixon plant will be principally transferred to Pratt's remaining facilities. The move is part of Walter Industries' strategic plan by Walter Industries to quickly implement its synergy and facility rationalization plan to capture the benefits of integrating its Mueller and U.S. Pipe businesses into a unified water products company. Up to 107 employees may be affected by this announcement, although some may be eligible for opportunities elsewhere at Pratt.
McCormick & Co. Inc. planned to cut as many as 1,000 jobs over the next three years as it tries to make its business more efficient by closing plants and dropping less-profitable customers. The jobs will be eliminated globally, totaling about 13% of the company's 8,000-person work force. The figure includes the elimination of 400 jobs in California announced earlier this month.
Microsoft Corp. is creating a research lab devoted solely to developing Internet technology, as part of efforts to move products to market faster and better compete with rivals such as Google Inc. Microsoft Live Labs, announced that it will be a partnership between Microsoft's MSN Internet product group and its research arm. Unlike traditional Microsoft Research labs, which are given leeway to take on academic-type research into far-flung fields, the goal of Live Labs is to create new products and tough competitors. Microsoft hopes the collaboration will result in useful products that are also cutting-edge, said Gary William Flake, a Microsoft technical fellow who will head up the project.
Schawk Inc. announced the creation and operation of Schawk Digital Solutions, a business unit dedicated to developing a variety of leading enterprise digital asset management, workflow management and online proofing software solutions that meet the needs of Schawk's diverse global client base. Schawk Digital Solutions serves the consumer product goods, retail, pharmaceutical, publishing, and media and entertainment industries. The group focuses on aligning technology with strategic business objectives to create dynamic digital solutions that help brand-driven organizations transform their competitive capabilities. These collaboration-enabling solutions are comprised of integrated software products and technology services that support innovation, speed-to-market, and global brand consistency initiatives. Schawk Digital Solutions is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois and has offices in Nashua, New Hampshire and London, UK.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will open new Wal-Mart store in Evergreen Park on Jan. 27. The store will hold its Grand Opening celebration at that time, with community leaders sharing what the new store brings to the community, including the 325 new jobs, every day low prices, and an initial $35,000 donated to local charities upon its opening.
Tempur Pedic International Inc. reported earnings results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2005. For the quarter, the company's net sales rose 9% to $215.6 million from $198.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2004. Net income was $30,361,000 or $0.30 per share against $23,880,000 or $0.23 per share for the same period earlier.For the full year, the company reported net sales totaled $836.7 million, 22% higher than net sales of $684.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2004. The company reported net income of $99.3 million, or $0.97 per diluted share, compared to $75.0 million, or $0.73 per diluted share, for 2004. This represents a 32% increase in GAAP net income and a 33% increase in GAAP net income per diluted share. The company also reported full year 2005 pro forma net income of $109.0 million, or $1.07 per diluted share, compared to $84.4 million, or $0.82 per diluted share, for 2004. This represents a 29% increase in pro forma net income and a 30% increase in pro forma net income per diluted share.The company expects net sales for 2006 to range from $940.0 million to $970.0 million, an increase of 12% to 16% over 2005. It currently expects pro forma diluted earnings per share for 2006 to range from $1.20 to $1.25, which excludes a full year GAAP charge of approximately $0.02 for stock option expense. This guidance reflects an increase of 12% to 17% compared to 2005 pro forma earnings per share of $1.07. Additionally, the company opened or expanded distribution in several large U.S. accounts later in the quarter than had originally expected, which impacted the level of sell-through. Lastly, while international pillow business continues to recover, it was not at the levels had anticipated for the quarter. The company undertaken several initiatives to accelerate U.S. sales growth and otherwise strengthen business in 2006. It is expanding retail sales force in both the U.S. and internationally. To continue building brand awareness, are increasing marketing investment around the world. In addition, it will selectively expand distribution in retail accounts in the U.S., Europe and Asia.The company also focusing on commitment to be the leader in innovation and new product development by increasing investment in R&D. Continuing longstanding commitment to the premium market, next week at the Las Vegas furniture show it will launch two new high-end mattresses, 'The GrandBed by Tempur-Pedic(TM)' and 'The RhapsodyBed by Tempur-Pedic(TM)', whose queen-size mattresses will retail at $5,499 and $2,399, respectively. In addition, based on an analysis of U.S. mattress sales and consumer feedback, it has redesigned the Classic model and will launch it next week. It expect this launch to support effort to accelerate unit volume growth.
Verizon Communications Inc. announced that it is planning to offer its fiber-optic-powered FiOS TV in the town. With its more than 23,000 potential viewers, Reading is the second Massachusetts municipality to grant Verizon a cable franchise. The company also offers FiOS TV in Woburn, Mass., as well as other locations in New York, Texas, Florida and Virginia. Under the 15-year agreement, which became effective January 25, Verizon will begin to provide FiOS TV to potential subscribers. In addition, the agreement contains provisions for the network's future growth; financial support and capacity for educational and government access channels; cable service to government buildings; and other important benefits to the town, including insurance, indemnification and enforcement protections.
OfficeMax Inc. announced that its store located in Hagerstown, Md. will not be impacted by the company's January 10 announcement to close 110 retail stores.
Northrop Grumman Corp. is closing a Greenbelt business unit that sells technology equipment to government agencies, putting at risk as many as 300 jobs in the Washington area. The Los Angeles aerospace giant has not decided whether to sell or simply shutter the division, which has about 440 employees, most of whom work in the firm's Prince George's County facility.
Applied Materials Inc. said it will close five plants and take a restructuring charge of $212 million in the quarter ending Jan. 29.The charge consists of $122 million for asset write-offs and $90 million for restructuring of lease obligations.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will open its newest Supercenter at 7:30 a.m. at 1300 E. Ash St. - a move expected to draw shopping dollars and additional investment and development to the city's eastern U.S. 36 corridor.
Riviana Foods Inc. put its rice facilities in five southern Louisiana communities up for sale, saying it needed to consolidate its operations. The planned sale includes a 90-year-old rice mill in Abbeville, along with drying and storage facilities in that city, Kaplan and Crowley and storage facilities in Jennings and Rayne.   
Increased materials costs, higher employee benefits and greater energy expenses are the driving factor behind the pending layoff of four employees at the Schweitzer-Mauduit International Inc. paper plant in February. A representative for the paper company confirmed that the layoffs are planned for next month. This comes on the heels of a work force reduction of seven employees at the end of last year.
Boeing Co. was working to implement its commitments to invest in a regional MRO (maintenance, repairs and overhaul) and a pilot training facility in the country. While the investment in MRO would be around $100 million, the pilot training facility would cost $75 million and another $10 million will be pumped in for maintenance engineering training facilities, which could also be used to train pilots for fog operations.
Sprint Nextel Corp. announced that it is cutting about 75 mainly sales and marketing jobs from a unit that provides network equipment to other telecommunications companies. The cuts come as the company seeks to serve some customers more with online services instead of direct sales. About two-thirds of the laid-off workers were from the North Supply unit in Gardner, which is south of Kansas City. The remainder of the workers are from other parts of the country.
International Paper Co. will close its Joplin plant, where 48 people are employed. It said it will hire a placement company to help the workers find other jobs in the area. The Joplin plant, the company's oldest, is part of its Wood Products Division. The closing is part of a restructuring as the company, based in Stamford, Conn., focuses on its paper mills and the packaging and container divisions.
Kraft Foods Inc. announced that it would eliminate 8,000 jobs and close up to 20 production plants as it broadens an ongoing restructuring effort. The company announced that the cuts would save an additional $700 million in annual costs, atop a targeted $450 million in savings it already had hoped to achieve through a restructuring that began in 2004.
AT&T Inc. may save $18 billion by 2008 after cutting jobs and stitching together operations from SBC Communications Inc. and AT&T Corp., more than executives first expected.The company is moving faster on a plan to shed 13,000 jobs. The forecast would mean $3 billion in annual savings.
Corning Inc. has opened its liquid crystal display (LCD) glass substrate facility in Taichung, Taiwan at the Central Taiwan Science Park. The company invested $1.5 billion in the facility, which can be further expanded on a need basis, Corning says. Corning also invested $180 million to expand melting capacity at its LCD glass manufacturing facility in 2004 at its Tainan, Taiwan site. Hundreds of personnel will be hired for the Tainan and Taichung facilities.
The North American Components business of Arrow Electronics Inc. announced the formation of a group solely dedicated to supporting manufacturers of products containing high brightness light emitting diodes (LEDs). color effects, and lower maintenance costs are required. Arrow's new organization will provide LED products and applications support and services in designs ranging from transportation to general lighting.Robert Sagebiel has been named Director of Lighting to lead the new organization, which consists of regional lighting specialists, lighting applications engineers and dedicated inside sales representatives. Sagebiel joins Arrow from Chicago Miniature Lamp Inc., where he held positions in both sales and marketing. He has more than two decades of experience in the lighting industry, and spent the last several years building new business and managing product development.
ATSI Communications Inc. announced the formation of a new wholly owned subsidiary, Digerati Networks Inc., to showcase ATSI's growing VoIP business. Digerati Networks will market the Company's VoIP services with the goal of achieving a leadership position in the industry while building brand and name recognition. The new subsidiary will also allow the parent company to take full advantage of corporate development opportunities that may arise in the future. ATSI's other wholly owned subsidiary, Telefamilia Communications Inc., will continue marketing and providing communication services to the high-growth Hispanic market in the United States. The Company also owns a minority interest (49%) of a subsidiary in Mexico, ATSI Comunicaciones, S.A. de C.V., which operates under a 30-year government issued telecommunications license.
General Motors Corporation has been prompted by lacklustre sales of the new Pontiac G6 sedan to cut production of the car beginning in April. The company announced that the Orion township, Michigan plant where the car is built will reduce Pontiac G6 output by more than 10% and lay off an unspecified number of workers.
JLG Industries Inc. announced plans to construct a new 35,000-square-foot R&D facility in McConnellsburg to further enhance the development of new and improved products and accessories.
Jenny Craig Inc. is exploring strategic options, including a sale for around $500 million, according to sources. Goldman, Sachs & Co. began sending out deal books a couple of weeks ago on the company, which is owned by MidOcean Partners LLP and ACI Capital Co. LLC, sources said. A Jenny Craig spokesman said the company had no immediate comment, and there was no comment from officials at the sellers or Goldman. A price range of $400 million to $500 million, 9 to 10 times the company's Ebitda, would generate around 4 times the $115 million the two firms paid for Jenny Craig in 2002. Jenny Craig's owners also could decide to take the company public, given the astronomical valuations of weight-loss companies.
Superior Industries International Inc. announced that it will cut 375 jobs out of 635 jobs, as part of a plan to restructure a manufacturing facility in Van Nuys, Calif.
Revlon Inc. is undertaking an overhaul of its business in which it will eliminate about 165 job cuts or just under 2.5% of its global work force in an effort to reduce costs.The company said MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc. Also agreed to extend an existing $87 million credit line for the company's consumer products business.
Semitool Inc. reported earnings results for the first quarter ended December 31, 2005. For the quarter, the company reported net income of $63,000 or $0.00 per diluted share on net sales of $55,289,000 against net income of $4,991,000 or $0.17 per diluted share on net sales of $48,822,000 for the same period a year ago.The company provides earnings guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2006. For the quarter, the company expects revenue to be in the range of $61 million to $64 million, and second quarter earnings per share of between $0.11 and $0.16.The company announced that opened two Asian sales offices and occupied a $3 million state-of-the-art design and production center in austria and also preparing to occupy the new 72,000-square-foot fabrication facility near Kalispell headquarters.
Starbucks Corp. reported earnings results for the first quarter ended January 1, 2006. For the quarter, the company reported net revenues increased 22% to $1.9 billion from $1.6 billion for the same period in fiscal 2005, and net earnings increased 20% to $174 million from $145 million for the same period in fiscal 2005. Fully diluted earnings per share were $0.22 compared to $0.17 per share for the comparable period in fiscal 2005. The company adopted the new accounting requirements related to expensing stock-based compensation in the first quarter, which reduced net earnings by $0.02 per share in the quarter.The company provided earnings guidance for the second, third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2006. For the second quarter, the company expects earnings per share of $0.14.For the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2006, the company expects earnings per share in a range of $0.16-$0.17 per share.The company revised earnings guidance for the full year of 2006. For the period, the company expects total net revenue growth of approximately 20% on a quarterly and full year basis and comparable store sales growth in the range of 3% to 7% with monthly anomalies. The company raised earnings per share target range by $0.05 per share to $0.68-$0.70 per share. This target range is an increase from the previous target of $0.63-$0.65 per share.The company also announced plans to open at least 1,800 new stores on a global basis in fiscal 2006. In the United States, the company plans to open approximately 700 company-operated locations and 600 licensed locations. In International markets, the company plans to open approximately 150 company-operated stores and 350 licensed stores.
Hospira Inc. announced that it plans to close plants in Ashland, Ohio, and Montreal over the next 18 and 28 months, respectively. The company also plans to leave its facility in Abbott Laboratories' North Chicago, Ill., plant, mostly within the next four years. About 1,100 net positions will be eliminated.
Monste (Monster Worldwide Inc.) announced that it is expanding its U.S. operations and has opened a western hub in Tempe, Arizona. The Tempe office, dubbed Monster West, will be the company's first fully operational facility in the western United States and the largest operation outside of Monster's headquarters in Maynard, Mass. Expansion into the Southwest region will help Monster better meet the needs of its fast-growing customer base. Further growing the company's domestic footprint enables Monster to better serve Enterprise businesses in the Western half of the U.S. while raising the company's visibility among small and medium-sized businesses at the local level. Ninety employees are currently staffing Monster's new office. Monster expects to fill 170 additional positions by year-end. Positions vary from entry level to senior management.
Cardtronics Inc. appears poised to move into new ATM revenue territory, beyond reliance on surcharge revenue. Cardtronics' recent purchase of Allpoint, the largest surcharge-free ATM network in the U.S. in the number of fee-free machine's it offers, is the latest move by a company hoping to strike broader deals with financial institutions.
General Motors Corp. expects to invest $15 billion in the next five years on outside information technology suppliers. The automaker said about half the $15 billion was being awarded. The move was prompted by the June ending of a 10-year deal with EDS, which will continue to have most of business at GM as part of the five-year contracts.
Polyone Corp. plans to build a 100,000-square-foot manufacturing facility and laboratory at its headquarters in Avon Lake. Completion is expected in the second quarter of this year. The plant, which will employ 38 or so, will produce engineering thermoplastic compounds and thermoplastic elastomer compounds. Those materials are used in resins, reinforcement, filler and colorant technologies to form other compounds. The new plant will start with six compounding lines and have room to add six more lines.
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. announced that it plans to consolidate jobs in its customer service and technology teams, a move that would eliminate 125 to 150 jobs worldwide this year.
Electronic Arts Inc. began laying off several hundred workers in a move the video game publisher says will help cut costs and shift resources amid changing business strategies and a revenue-slowing transition to new gaming machines. The job cuts will affect about 5% of the Redwood City, Calif.-based company's 6,500 employees. Some cuts were effective immediately and others will occur during the next few weeks.
Mattel Inc. announced that it will cut more than 200 jobs in the first quarter of this year, continuing a consolidation of its business that began last fall. The jobs will largely be cut from the company's headquarters in El Segundo, Calif. and represent about 1% of Mattel's worldwide staff. The cuts will be made through a combination of layoffs, attrition, retirements and elimination of open positions.
One of the largest shareholders of Palm Inc. has sent a letter to the board of the maker of hand-held devices urging directors to explore a sale of the company. Mark Nelson, a private investor who owned nearly 3.3 million shares, or 6.6% of Palm, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing in August, sent the letter recommending a possible sale to the board of the Sunnyvale, Calif., company on Tuesday January 31. 
Verizon Communications Inc. to build a nationwide fiber-optic network. It is spending an estimated $22 billion on the network to deliver television and high-speed Internet access through 2013, according to Sanford C. Bernstein's Jeffrey Halpern. Chief Financial Officer Doreen Toben said.
BFGoodrich announced that it intent to close its Kitchner, Ontario facility. The Company has stated that manufacturing operations will cease on July 22, 2006, the expiration date of the current contract. The company claims that overcapacity in its mass market passenger tire production in North America is the reason for this decision.
Tyson Foods Inc. announced at an annual shareholder's meeting Friday its plan to grow value-added sales to $12 billion in 2006 and expand further into international markets.
Lockheed Martin Corp. opened the doors to a new customer support office in O'Fallon. The 2,200- square-foot office located near Scott Air Force Base (AFB) reflects Lockheed Martin's expanding presence in the St. Louis area in support of its growing regional business base. The unclassified facility will be home to a Lockheed Martin logistics team focused on exploring advanced concepts for situational awareness and visualization of worldwide transportation and distribution operations. The facility, which will support 13 Lockheed Martin employees, will also sponsor research and development projects to support future programs and requirements. Operations at this new facility will build upon Lockheed Martin engineering and domain skills gained while developing and maintaining the Global Transportation Network (GTN). GTN is a command and control (C2) transportation and logistics information management system designed to support the USTRANSCOM global distribution mission via the Internet's World Wide Web.
Southern Copper Corp. announced that it will invest $306 million this year to complete the upgrade of its Ilo copper smelter-refinery. Ilo, which should begin operations in last quarter of this year, will control gas emissions and increase capacity to 1.2Mt/y from 1.15Mt/y. SCC's previous investment figure showed it would invest $100mn this year. The plant is 17km north of Ilo port in the southern department of Moquegua.
Northrop Grumman Corp. unveiled its new Aviation Ship Integration Center (ASIC) during a dedication ceremony. This state-of-the-art research facility was established in partnership with the U.S. Navy to conduct modeling, simulation, research, development and in-depth analysis for CVN 21-class aircraft carriers and other aviation-capable ships. ASIC is located in the Herbert H. Bateman Virginia Advanced Shipbuilding and Carrier Integration Center and is comprised of two laboratories called SimLab and FlexLab. SimLab is a 9,000 square-foot laboratory that houses a modeling and simulation facility, an integration facility for validation of new concepts and designs, and a collaboration center for government and industry partners. FlexLab is a 2,400 square-foot laboratory that houses a full-scale mock-up of a portion of the warfare command and decision center for the next-generation aircraft carrier class, CVN 21. Newport News engineers, designers and technologists will use FlexLab to investigate, prototype, test and validate current and emerging technologies which provide the capability to rapidly reconfigure the decision centers.
Agere Systems Inc. will cut 110 jobs between now and the middle of the year 2006. It's unclear whether the jobs are at its headquarters and research facilities in the Lehigh Valley or at the company's other offices in California, Colorado and overseas. The job cuts are part of a plan that the company announced in October to consolidate operations and improve profitability.
Chemicals maker Huntsman Corp. abandoned efforts to sell itself, highlighting growing tensions between leveraged-buyout firms and targets looking for higher prices. The Salt Lake City company had been in takeover talks with a number of prospective buyers, one of which had submitted a takeover proposal in October. That pursuer, say people familiar with the matter, was leveraged-buyout fund Apollo Management LP. The fund has a history of investing in large industrial names such as Huntsman, which had $13 billion in revenue and a $700,000 loss in the fiscal year ended Sept. 30.
Rent-A-Center Inc. announced earnings results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2005. The Company reported total revenues for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 of $583.2 million, a $2.1 million decrease from $585.3 million for the same period in the prior year. This decrease of 0.4% in revenues was primarily driven by a decrease in same store sales of 0.2% plus the closing and merging of 114 stores with existing Rent-A-Center stores and the sale of 35 stores as part of the previously announced 162 store consolidation plan, offset by an increase in incremental revenues generated in new and acquired stores. Net earnings for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 were $33.6 million, or $0.48 per diluted share, when excluding the expenses for restructuring and the impact of the hurricanes as well as the credit for the state tax reserve adjustment discussed below, representing a decrease of 12.7% from the $0.55 per diluted share, or net earnings of $41.7 million for the same period in the prior year, when excluding the one-time other income item. The decrease in net earnings per diluted share is primarily attributable to the decrease in same store sales as well as increases in operating expenses related to new store openings, acquisitions and normal operating costs such as utility and fuel costs, offset by a reduction in the number of the Company's outstanding shares. Reported net earnings for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 were $35.1 million, or $0.50 per diluted share, when including the $0.02 effect of restructuring expenses, the $0.01 impact of the hurricane expenses and the $0.05 benefit from the credit for the state tax reserve adjustment, representing a decrease of 18.0% from the $0.61 per diluted share, or reported net earnings of $46.9 million for the same period in the prior year.Total reported revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2005 increased to $2.339 billion, a 1.1% increase from $2.313 billion for the same period in the prior year. Same store revenues for the twelve month period ending December 31, 2005 decreased 2.3%, compared to a decrease of 3.6% for the twelve month period ending December 31, 2004. Net earnings for the twelve months ended December 31, 2005 were $141.9 million, or $1.91 per diluted share, when excluding the expenses for restructuring and the impact of the hurricanes as well as the credits for the state tax reserve adjustment, federal tax audit reserve, and litigation reversion discussed below, representing a decrease of 16.2% from the $2.28 per diluted share, or net earnings of $182.7 million for the same period in the prior year, when excluding the one-time other income item and litigation and finance charges. Reported net earnings for the twelve months ended December 31, 2005 were $135.7 million, or $1.83 per diluted share, when including the $0.14 effect of restructuring expenses and the $0.09 impact of the hurricane expenses as well as $0.05 for the state tax reserve adjustment credit, $0.03 for the federal tax audit reserve credit, and $0.07 for the litigation reversion credit, representing a decrease of 5.7% from the $1.94 per diluted share, or reported net earnings of $155.9 million for the same period in the prior year, when including the one-time other income item and litigation and finance charges. The company provides earnings guidance for the first quarter and full year of fiscal 2006. For the first quarter, the Company expects total revenues to be in the range of $591 million to $599 million, Store rental and fee revenues are expected to be between $509 million and $515 million, total store revenues are expected to be in the range of $579 million to $587 million, same store sales are expected to be flat to slightly positive, Diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.48 to $0.52, including stock option expense.For 2006, the Company expects total revenues to be in the range of $2.33 billion and $2.36 billion, Store rental and fee revenues are expected to be between $2.080 billion and $2.105 billion, Total store revenues are expected to be in the range of $2.294 billion and $2.324 billion, Same store sales are expected to be flat to slightly positive, Diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $2.00 to $2.10, including stock option expense.The company expects to open 5-15 new rent-to-own store locations and expects to add financial services to 10-15 rent-to-own store locations in first quarter of 2006. In 2006, the Company expects to open 60-80 new store locations and expects to add financial services to 100-160 rent-to-own store locations.
Ford will build its new people movers in Oakville to replace existing minivans there. Ford Motor Co. has told suppliers it will start assembling the Fairlane concept vehicle and a luxury Lincoln version at the new flexible manufacturing plant in Oakville in February 2008. The vehicles would replace the Ford Freestar and Mercury Monterey minivans, which have experienced poor sales since the introduction of the latest generation models in 2003. The Fairlane would join the Ford Edge and the luxury Lincoln MKX, two new crossover vehicles that will begin production at the plant later this year. The $1 billion plant needs to produce at least a third vehicle, because there won't be enough demand for the cross-over models to adequately fill two shifts, according to industry insiders. Ford informed suppliers that it expects annual sales of the Fairlane to reach 103,000 and volume of about 26,000 for the Lincoln version during the first few years.
BEA Systems Inc. unveiled the BEA WebLogic Communications Platform(TM) Developer Center on BEA dev2dev(TM). This center is the first resource site and collaborative online developer community aimed at serving developers who are building converged IT and communications applications based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP), SIP Servlets and Telecom Web services. The new developer center is scheduled to go live at http://dev2dev.bea.com/wlcp. As part of the BEA WebLogic Communications Platform Developer Center, BEA also announced that it is making available for free an evaluation license of BEA WebLogic SIP Server(TM), the industry's first and only Java EE-SIP-IMS (IP Multimedia Subsystem) application server. This evaluation license can also be downloaded from dev2dev, at http://dev2dev.bea.com/wlcp.
In a move that will cost 124 employees their jobs, Bemis Co. Inc. shut down production lines at its Milprint packaging operation in Denmark, Wis., and announced that it would close the plant.
Liz Claiborne Inc. plans to cut 4% of its workforce and close 20 stores as part of a plan to streamline operations toward a more centralized sales approach. The apparel company will eliminate 500 jobs, with significant staff reductions at more senior levels of the organization.
Urban Outfitters Inc. reported sales results for the fourth quarter and full year ended January 31, 2006. For the quarter, the company's total sales jumped 27% to a record $319 million. Total comparable store sales for the quarter Urban Outfitters, Free People and Anthropologie stores were up 13%, 21% and 2%, respectively, for a combined 8% increase versus a combined 13% increase for the same quarter last year. Direct-to-consumer sales rose 28% for the quarter. Free People Wholesale sales jumped 110% for the quarter.For the year, the company's sales rose 32%, to a record $1.1 billion. Total comparable store sales for the period increased by 11% versus a 22% increase last year. Direct-to-consumer sales surged by 39% while Free People Wholesale sales jumped by 94%.The Company plans to open 36 to 40 new stores, including 3 to 5 new Free People stores, during Fiscal 2007.
Sun Microsystems Inc. announced the expanded Sun Solution Centers, more than 60 global sites that offer access to award-winning Sun products, services, solutions and partners to help customers mitigate risk and decrease time-to-market. The Sun Solution Centers include a variety of new offerings such as identity management solutions, services and competencies like best practices and competitive analysis, and partnerships with Solutions Integrators (SIs) including EDS. The Sun Solution Centers offer customers unprecedented resources to help them more effectively make purchasing and implementation decisions, and improve total cost of ownership. In one location, customers have access to award-winning Sun technologies like the Solaris(TM) 10 Operating System and Sun Fire(TM) servers, as well as core competencies such as competitive analysis and best practices to ensure Sun's innovations are deployed in the most efficient manner possible. In addition to the new services and solutions, the Sun Solution Centers also offer collaborative workshops, solution architectures, proof-of-concepts and prototyping, blueprints, system architectures, performance testing, and benchmarking, among other customer- oriented aids. Sun's partnerships with industry-leading Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) and SIs like EDS further provide value by offering customers 360 degree views of their IT projects-from planning to testing to deploying.
Blockbuster Inc. plans to cut 300 jobs as part of a $75 million cost-cutting campaign, the second round of layoffs in less than a year for the nation's largest chain of video stores. Blockbuster announced that it would lay off 200 corporate employees over the next two weeks and won't fill 100 vacant jobs. Less than a year ago, the Dallas-based chain had 1,500 corporate jobs, divided between offices in downtown Dallas and suburban McKinney. Blockbuster eliminated 200 jobs last spring, mostly through layoffs, as the company came under pressure from financier Carl Icahn to cut costs.
Oracle Corp. will announce more than 1,000 job cuts. The cuts have been widely anticipated since Redwood Shores, Calif.-based Oracle announced the acquisition five months ago. The deal closed last week, adding about 4,700 Siebel workers to Oracle's payroll. Oracle employed about 51,000 workers before the takeover. After that deal, Oracle jettisoned some of its own workers in a purge that eliminated 5,000 jobs.
Borland Software Corporation has announced aggressive plans to drive its Application Lifecycle Management business forward. As part of that plan, Borland has agreed to buy Segue Software Inc. In addition, Borland announced plans to seek a buyer for the portion of its business associated with the Integrated Development Environment (IDE), including the award-winning Borland Developer Studio (Delphi(R), C++Builder(R) and C#Builder(R)) and JBuilder(R) product lines. Borland has retained Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. to manage the process of seeking a buyer for Borland's IDE assets.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. plans to open more than 1,500 stores in the United States in the coming years, on top of nearly 3,200 it already operates. John Menzer, the company's vice chairman and head of its domestic Wal-Mart stores division, announced that Wal-Mart was on schedule to meet an announced target of between 335 and 370 new U.S. store openings this year after 341 last year. That number includes Wal-Mart discount stores, Supercenters that also have a full grocery section, smaller Neighborhood Markets and Sam's Club membership warehouses. Supercenters are the largest single group with 1,980 locations in the U.S. and the focus of future growth plans. Menzer did not specify a timeline for the new stores. He also did not refer to zoning and permit fights that have erupted in some places where Wal-Mart wants to expand, including big markets such as California where the company has fewer locations than in its traditional bases in the South and Midwest.
SanDisk Corp. announced that it intends to accelerate the expansion of the 300-millimeter (mm) (Fab 3) wafer fabrication facility in Yokkaichi, Japan. The move is expected to bring Fab 3 wafer capacity from the previously planned 48,750 wafers per month to 70,000 wafers per month by March 2007. The incremental investment by SanDisk for 50% of this higher Fab 3 output is currently estimated at approximately $500 million over the next 12 months. SanDisk's total expected 2006 investment in Fab 3 is approximately $1 billion, of which a portion is anticipated to be financed through operating lease financing or other sources of capital. Fab 3 is operated by Flash Partners, Toshiba and SanDisk's venture for NAND flash memories.
Buckeye Technologies Inc. announced the establishment of a new organization whose mission is to lead the Company's efforts in lowering costs, reducing working capital, and eliminating waste. The Company intends to implement the Lean Enterprise methodology throughout its operations. The new organization will focus on improving work processes to ensure that all activities bring value to customers. Mr. William M. Handel, currently Senior Vice President, Human Resources, will be appointed Senior Vice President, Lean Enterprise to lead this effort. He will have overall responsibility for all Human Resources, Customer Service, and Information Systems activities.
Sun Microsystems Inc. announced that it is creating a new business unit to serve the needs of Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs). The unit's goal is to better support Sun's OEM customers by establishing dedicated sales, support and services for Sun's current products as well as delivering new, tailored solutions to them. The business covers all of Sun's key hardware and software technologies, including the Solaris(TM) 10 Operating System (OS), the new Sun Fire(TM) x64 servers, the Sun T1000 and T2000 servers with CoolThreads(TM) technology, and ATCA (advanced telecommunications computing architecture) products. Sun also announced it is appointing a new senior vice president, Joe Heel, who will oversee and manage the OEM business unit. Heel will report directly to Jonathan Schwartz, President and Chief Operating Officer at Sun Microsystems.
Microsoft Corp. announced plans to spend about $1 billion over the next three years on an expansion that will add enough offices at its headquarters to house about 12,000 workers. The plan, which calls for increasing Microsoft's sprawling suburban campus by about one-third, will accommodate both new and existing workers. The company plans to add another 4,000 to 5,000 workers worldwide, most of them in the Seattle area, during the current fiscal year ending in June 2006. The expansion will include seven new buildings, and seven others the company has acquired. The company announced that it will spend $35 million over the next three to five years to help improve streets, sewers and other infrastructure, and add an overpass over busy State Route 520, a main thoroughfare between Seattle and its eastern suburbs. The improvements will aim to better deal with the congestion spurred by the company's growing campus.
Oracle Corp. plans to cut 2,000 jobs, or about 3.5% of its global workforce. Oracle announced that it will have 55,000 employees worldwide, after the latest cuts. Oracle announced layoff notifications have begun and the majority will be completed over the next few weeks. The company did not give details on locations of the layoffs. Oracle announced that more than half the job cuts will come from the Oracle side. Less than half of them come from Siebel. Many of the layoffs will come from the customer relationship management software area on the Oracle side.
Baxter International Inc. is auctioning off its transfusion therapies unit and is in the second round of mulling offers, sources familiar with the deal said. The unit makes such products as blood-collection systems, filters and containers. It generated $547 million in sales last year, according to company filings. Baxter's total sales last year were $9.85 billion. Private equity firms are bidding for the unit, sources said. Investment bankers have circulated proprietary financial information on the business and bidders are in the process of due diligence. Whether a corporate buyer is interested is not immediately clear. The auction process is into its second round, one of the sources said, with some private equity firms passing on the unit while others are launching forward with their bid.
CDW Corp. announced the opening of its new Western Distribution Center in North Las Vegas, Nev., which more than triples the company's capacity for shipping IT products with speed and accuracy to customers. At more than 513,000 square feet, the new North Las Vegas facility becomes the second and largest distribution center for CDW. This new facility, the largest single building distribution center in Southern Nevada, will predominantly serve customers in the western United States and complements CDW's existing 450,000 square-foot Vernon Hills, Ill. distribution center. The new distribution center, which began ramping up operations in December, has more than 11 acres of interior floor space and more than seven miles of conveyor belts. This second distribution center also provides CDW with operational redundancy and allows each of the company's distribution centers to backup the other. CDW's Western Distribution Center also features a product configuration center in a near clean-room setting.
Yahoo! Inc. announced plans to open a data center in this north-central Washington city. Yahoo signed a $6.23 million, 10-year contract to rent 45,000 square feet of space in a four-level building called the Confluence Technology Center, which opened in May 2004. Yahoo will occupy the building's remaining vacant space.
Apple Computer Inc. announced that it plans to open a four-story flagship store on Boylston Street across from the Prudential Center in what would be its first location in Boston. Apple is purchasing the building and is planning to take it down and erect a glass-covered retail jewel within the next two years.
The Church of England will consider selling shares it owns in companies believed to be profiting from work in Israeli settlements in the Palestinian territories. The resolution was passed this week by the General Synod, the church's governing body. Members voted after a church panel questioned holding stock worth $4.39 million in Caterpillar, whose vehicles were allegedly used by Israel to level Palestinian homes, church spokesman Louis Henderson said.
MGM Mirage announced that it had decided to increase the size of its planned CityCenter project on the Las Vegas Strip, boosting its cost to $7 billion. The 66-acre development would include more residential space than planned. MGM also has decided to upgrade the hotel and casino to be designed by noted architect Cesar Pelli to aim for a higher price point and build a monorail connecting CityCenter to the nearby Bellagio and Monte Carlo casinos. The project, which would include a retail complex designed by Daniel Libeskind and a hotel by Norman Foster, is expected to start construction in mid-2006. It is due to open in the fourth quarter of 2009.
Marriott International Inc. announced that the Radisson Riverfront Hotel Augusta has become the Augusta Marriott Hotel & Suites. It is the first full-service Marriott in Augusta, Ga., home to the Masters Golf Tournament. Located on the riverfront at Two Tenth Street, the 372-room hotel features an all-suite, high rise tower and more than 45,000 square feet of meeting space. The property is owned and operated by Azalea Development Corporation.
Microsoft Corp. plans to spend about $1.35 billion over three years on a headquarters expansion. Microsoft, which employs 30,000 people in the Seattle area, plans to add another 5000.
Visteon announced that it would shut 12 plants and sell another six over the next three years. Visteon is narrowing its focus to concentrate on vehicle interiors, and electronic and climate control systems. It declined to identify the location of the plants or the number of affected employees.
Dura Automotive announced that it plans to close between five and 10 factories, relocating half of its production. The Dura plants employ about 2,000 people.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. plans to cut 220 jobs in Lansing as it closes a call center. The layoffs will take place in stages. The first cuts will come in April, and all 220 jobs will be gone by Aug. 1. The company said the affected workers might be able to find work within the company. Workers will receive severance packages equal to two to 20 weeks of base pay, depending on how long they have been with the company, the Lansing State Journal reported. Job counseling also will be available.
Archer Daniels Midland Co. and Metabolix have announced that ADM will build the first commercial plant to produce a new generation of high-performance natural plastics that are eco-friendly and based on sustainable, renewable resources. The plant will have an initial annual capacity of 50,000 tons per year and will be located at a major ADM North American site and serve the joint venture being established by the companies. The plant will produce PHA natural plastics that have a wide variety of applications in products currently made from petrochemical plastics, including coated paper, film, and molded goods. They are produced using a fully biological fermentation process that converts agricultural raw materials such as corn sugar into a versatile range of plastics that have excellent durability in use but are compostable in both hot and cold compost and are biodegraded even in the marine environment.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will announce between 335 and 370 new US stores in 2006. The company has announced plans to add some 1,500 new stores throughout the US over the coming years.The company also intends to remodel about 1,800 of its existing 3,857 outlets in the US, with a strong emphasis being placed on reducing in-store clutter and making the shopping experience altogether easier for the consumer.
The Hertz Corporation has opened a new Hertz Local Edition car rental facility in Harriman, New York. Additionally, the Company ended 2005 with 24 new Hertz Local Edition car rental facilities in the tri-state area, including New Jersey, Connecticut and downstate New York. These openings represent Hertz's commitment to serving its suburban clientele looking to rent a car for insurance replacement needs, business trips, vacations and everyday purposes and further broadens Hertz' already extensive network of airport and Manhattan area operations. The new location provides customers with a full range of rental vehicles including minivans and compact through full-size cars. Pick-up and drop-off service, insurance replacement rentals, and Hertz #1 Club Gold counter service are also available. Vehicles equipped with Hertz NeverLost(R) on-board navigation system and Sirius Satellite Radio may be requested at the time of reservation. In addition, as with all Hertz corporate locations, vehicles are available for rental with unlimited mileage and all rate structures are honored, including one-way, inter-city rates and insurance replacement rates. The new Hertz Local Edition facility is located at 14B Route 17M in Harriman, one mile from the New York State Thruway and Woodbury Commons outlet stores. It is the tenth Hertz Local Edition location in the Hudson Valley.
Waste Management Inc. plans to sell off parts of its business that represent more than $500 million in yearly gross sales, increasing the size of its divestment program from the $400 million in operations it pegged for sale in the third quarter.
Oracle Corporation has announced that it will divest its OnTarget business unit, which is part of Siebel University. After conducting a careful review of OnTarget, Oracle determined that despite its long history of successful outcomes, the unit is not core to Oracle's business strategy. "Oracle believes that for the right company OnTarget is a very valuable asset," said Oracle SVP of Corporate Development Douglas Kehring. "Numerous parties have already expressed interest in acquiring the operation and we expect to complete the divestiture this spring," he added. The company further advised that parties interested in more information about OnTarget and its divestiture, should contact McNamee Lawrence & Co. LLC.
Cerner Corp. unveiled its plans to enter into the healthcare device manufacturing and connectivity markets. The first line of connected devices, to be called CareAware(TM), will offer medical products, software and connectivity solutions that will complement and enhance the company's ongoing commitment to eliminating errors and improving effectiveness in healthcare. The CareAware devices will work seamlessly with Cerner Millennium(R), the company's unified healthcare IT architecture, to provide clinicians a unique approach to managing patients' information and treatments, increasing collaboration among departments and eliminating duplication and fragmentation. In addition, Cerner is working together with several device manufacturers to develop integrated clinical data delivery mechanisms, allowing interoperability between Cerner Millennium technology and healthcare providers' hardware. For example, Welch Allyn, manufacturer of frontline medical devices and solutions, and Cerner intend to work with select client sites to study workflow efficiencies and innovative methods for turning patient data into actionable healthcare information.
Invacare Corp. announced that it plans to cut 225 jobs at a northeast Ohio plant. The Elyria jobs, both managers and blue-collar workers, will be eliminated over the next several months. Some plant work will be shifted to two plants near Shanghai, China.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that its new Supercenter in Warner Robins will open for business March 20, 2006. The new Wal-Mart building off Russell Parkway at Booth Road is largely completed. Much of the time between now and the opening, he said, is needed because stocking a store that size is a major under taking. Construction of the new Lowe's on Ga. 96 at Lake Joy Road is just beginning. The do-it-yourself retailer announced it is constructing a 117,000-square-foot building with a 31,000-square-foot garden center.
Universal Forest Products Inc. in Prairie du Chien is expanding. An existing manufacturing plant in Springfield, Ill., is moving to Prairie du Chien. It will be located in the 25,000-square-foot warehouse building just north of the current manufacturing plant. There will be 38 hourly jobs created with wage scales ranging from $8.35 to $21 per hour. Plans call for the facility to be operational by the first part of March. It will be used to make a plastic material used in the construction of decks and patios. The decision to locate the plant in Prairie du Chien was in part based on the city's proactive approach to provide TIF assistance.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. announced that Le Meridien Pattaya Resort will be Starwood's 17th hotel in Thailand. The company's newest global hotel brand Le Meridien Hotels & Resorts, continues to expand its presence in Asia Pacific with the signing of Le Meridien Pattaya Resort, Thailand. Starwood Hotels & Resorts and Grande Equity Development Company Limited announced the agreement to manage this brand new resort along Jomtien Beach in Pattaya, which will open in January 2009. The Le Meridien Pattaya Resort will be part of one of Pattaya's foremost upscale beachfront resort developments, which comprises unbranded condominiums and the resort. The development is strategically located in a prime position, only 150 km or 1.5 hours' drive from Bangkok and less than an hour's drive from Bangkok's new International Airport when it officially opens in 2006. The resort will feature 250 rooms, 11,000 square feet of meeting space, three food and beverage outlets, an outdoor swimming pool and a full service spa.
A new Walgreens store soon could supplant aHardee's Restaurant at the corner of Miller Trunk Highway and Joshua Avenue. The Duluth Planning Commission will consider plans for the proposed store when it meets in City Council chambers on february 14, 2006. The site is properly zoned C-5 to accommodate such a development, but because it is part of a planned commercial district, the project is subject to review by the Planning Commission and ultimately the Duluth City Council. Walgreens, described plans for the proposed Duluth store as being in the early stages of development. If approved, she said the store would probably be constructed no sooner than 2007. Walgreens operates a store in Miller Hill Mall, a short distance west of the proposed pharmacy. This year, Walgreens plans to open 475 more stores -- about one every 20 hours. By 2010, the company expects have more than 7,000 stores in its fold.
Build-A-Bear Workshop is opening a store at the Saint Louis Zoo on Thursday, March 16. This is the first ever Build-A-Bear Workshop store located inside a zoo. Build-A-Bear Workshop At The Zoo, Where Wild And Wonderful Friends Are Made(TM), will offer ten animals and a variety of outfits, several available exclusively at this location, for kids young and old to enjoy! Build-A-Bear Workshop is based on the premise that nearly everyone, regardless of age, has a special fondness for stuffed animals. When Guests visit Build-A-Bear Workshop at The Zoo, they enter a jungle-themed environment consisting of eight bear-making stations. Zoo Guests choose their furry friend to make, stuff it just right, add personality with a variety of outfits and accessories, and most importantly give it a heart. Guests can choose from a variety of furry friends, including: Humboldt Penguin, Tree Frog, Asian Elephant and Ring-Tailed Lemur. Guests will also have the opportunity to dress their furry friends in exciting outfits, such as a zookeeper and an engineer.
Imation Corp. announced that it is laying off about 80 workers at its plant here over the next three months. The cuts amount to about 16% of the work force at the plant that makes data storage products. The company announced that the layoffs are part of an effort to streamline the plant. The workers will be offered a severance package and will be given help in finding other job.
Tyson Foods Inc. announced that it would close two Nebraska beef facilities with 1,665 workers and move the work to a plant being renovated in that state. Tyson said it will close its beef processing plant in Norfolk and beef slaughter plant in West Point, both in northeastern Nebraska. The company said it will pay workers at both plants and will provide benefits for 60 days. The company said it will try to retain some of the workers by having them move to Dakota City or Lexington, Neb., or Emporia, Kan.
Charming Shoppes Inc. has announced that it will open 155 to 160 new stores in 2006, including the launch of its Lane Bryant Outlet concept. The new Outlet stores are expected to produce $50 to $60 million in business in 2006, with 75 to 80 units opening in July and August. Charming Shoppes will open around 80 traditional retail stores as follows: 60 Lane Bryant stores, 15 Fashion Bug stores and five Catherines Plus Size stores. Most of the new Lane Bryant stores will be larger in scale and will include Cacique Double Platinum intimate departments. The company also announced that it expects sales in excess of $3 billion in 2006, with growth in the low single digits.
Atticus Capital LLC said that it might work with other investors to seek a buyer Phelps Dodge Corp. unless the company uses excess cash to buy back stock. Phelps Dodge rejected the Atticus demand, calling more buybacks a "reckless bet" on copper prices that would create a "substantial debt burden" and threaten the company's future. Phelps Dodge had $1.94 billion cash and $694.5 million in debt at the end of last year. 
Penton Custom Media announced that Penton has formed a business unit focused on serving professional and trade Associations and Foundations.Penton Announces New Services for Associations which provides complete support with resources in four key areas: publications, Web, advertising sales and events. Penton currently publishes over 50 different magazines spanning an array of interests and markets. Publication support offered to Associations will leverage these capabilities by offering award-winning editorial, design, production and distribution. Publication formats will include printed magazines, newsletters, electronic magazines and e-Newsletters. Web-based products and services have been the fastest growing and most requested areas at Penton. Interactive Web sites, eZines, e-Newsletters, Webcasts and Online Trade shows are among several services offered.
The Los Angeles Times reported that Six Flags Inc. may seek to sell some of its real estate assets after reviewing a report from consulting firm Staubach Co. that is due at the end of next month.
Alcoa Inc. announced that it will spend about $1.5 billion to build an aluminum smelter in Trinidad and Tobago. The 341,000-ton per year facility, which will include an associated anode plant and cast house, will be built in the Cap-de-Ville area of southern Trinidad. The facilities, to be owned 100% by the company, would be powered by a self-contained power plant fueled by natural gas. The new smelter and related facilities are projected to cost about $1.5 billion.
Integral Systems Inc., a builder of satellite ground systems, said shareholder Mellon HBV Alternative Strategies LLC wants the company to replace its board and pursue a possible sale. The unit of Mellon Financial Corp. paid $24.6 million for 1.29 million shares on Feb. 7, is seeking an "independent" board, the Lanham, Maryland-based company said in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Mellon HBV holds 12 percent of the company's outstanding stock.
Standard Register Co. announced the formation of its new On Demand Solutions Group, which encompasses Print On Demand (POD) Services, Document Systems and Digital Solutions (ExpeData(R)), as well as Information Technology (IT) and the Enterprise Programs and Software Group. Standard Register's On Demand portfolio includes a broad range of software solutions, professional services and POD solutions.The Company also announced the appointment of Joe Morgan, Standard Register vice president and chief technology officer, as general manager of the On Demand Solutions Group. Morgan's focus is ensuring that Standard Register's on demand data capture and data output solutions are aligned with the needs of customers. Prior to joining Standard Register, he held executive positions with eflatbed.com, Quadrivius, FLEXcon and SONY Chemical Corporation in general management, operations, manufacturing and marketing. Joe Klenke has been appointed vice president and general manager, Print On Demand (POD) Services, reporting to Morgan. His primary responsibilities will be advancing Standard Register's position in the POD marketplace by driving operational Excellence throughout network of digital centers and enhancing the portfolio of products and services provided to customers. Klenke, a proven 20-year veteran with the company, has served Standard Register in a variety of leadership positions over the years in Marketing, Sales and Operations.
Parametric Technology Corp. will establish a product development center in Uniontown, a move that will create 125 jobs in Fayette County over the next three years said plans are to initially lease space in the city's downtown. The company is considering two undisclosed locations. The company's decision to locate in Uniontown provides an alternative for companies who want to extend product development capabilities without outsourcing those services to overseas technology centers.
Sun Microsystems Inc., has announced that it is creating a new business unit to serve the needs of Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs). The unit's goal is to better support Sun's OEM customers by establishing dedicated sales, support and services for Sun's current products as well as delivering new, tailored solutions to them. The business covers all of Sun's key hardware and software technologies, including the Solaris 10 Operating System (OS), the new Sun Fire x64 servers, the Sun T1000 and T2000 servers with CoolThreads technology, and ATCA (advanced telecommunications computing architecture) products.Sun announced that it is appointing a new senior vice president, Joe Heel, who will oversee and manage the OEM business unit. Heel will report directly to Schwartz.
Hospira Inc., is collaborating with the state of Kansas and the Kansas Bioscience Authority on a $60 million expansion of its facility in McPherson. The project, which will convert about 120,000 square feet of space into offices, labs and manufacturing operations, is expected to add 100 jobs at the plant. Construction, which is underway, should be complete in early 2008.
International Business Machines Corp. announced that it will invest $1 billion over the next three years to expand its information management software development. The IT company will also dedicate 15,000 consultants worldwide to the project in an attempt to deliver increasingly accurate and reliable information to its business clients. IBM plans to further align its software and consulting divisions to address emerging challenges for its business customers. IBM said that its clients demand new insights and technologies to effectively compete in the global marketplace, so IBM must more tightly integrate its software and consulting operations to meet their demands.In conjunction with the announcement of its strategic investment, IBM also unveiled six solution portfolios for information management and opened worldwide 'centres of excellence' for its business clients. IBM customers can refer to the centres for face-to-face guidance in information management. The solutions and centres, IBM said, are designed to help businesses more quickly understand the larges amounts of heterogeneous data they face in forming their business strategies. The new software is already being used by select beta customers and is expected to be made commercially available in the second quarter of 2006.
Atari Inc. announced that it plans to cut its workforce by about 20% worldwide as part of its restructuring plan. In 2005, the company had about 490 employees. Atari said the move is part of its plans to control costs, dispose of non-core assets and place a stronger emphasis on external development studios.
Liz Claiborne Inc. revealed that it will cut 500 jobs. The announcement came after it lost out to rival Talbots to buy fashion chain J Jill. The move will cull 4% of the workforce by consolidating planning, sales, sourcing and consumer research, which are carried on a per-brand basis at present. It will also rationalise its distribution facilities and office space and close or repurpose 20 retail stores.
RadioShack Corp. disclosed it plans to close 400 to 700 stores and two distribution centers as part of a plan to improve its financial performance. The company announced that tit could not project the number of job cuts until it identifies all the affected stores, but 88 employees will be affected from the distribution center closings in Charleston, S.C., and Southhaven, Miss. RadioShack the stores it plans to close are company-operated. There are nearly 7,000 RadioShack stores operated by the company or dealers, and more than 700 wireless kiosks. It also has more than 100 stores in Mexico.
Mediware Information Systems Inc. announced that it has reduced its workforce by approximately 10%. The changes primarily reflect a reduction in the number of employees supporting the company's sunset, legacy blood bank products and the centralization of various administrative resources at the company's headquarters in Lenexa, Kansas. The reductions are part of the company's decision to focus its resources on sales and marketing for its MediMAR®, MediCOE-TM-, WORx®, HCLL-TM- and Perioperative Solutions-TM- products and away from the company's sunset legacy products.
AT&T Inc. is closing its call center on Penn Avenue in the Strip District, throwing about 210 employees out of work. The call center provides support for consumer and small business telephone customers, and is being closed because of declining call volumes. The work is being consolidated into another call center in Lee's Summit, Mo.
General Motors Corporation plans to cut 30,000 jobs. The Oklahoma City plant employs 2,400 2,200 hourly and 200 salaried but economists said as many as 7,500 jobs could be affected including those at GM suppliers and secondary jobs, like hotel and restaurant workers.
General Motors Corporation review of its light commercial vehicle (LCV) operations in Europe could lead to the closure of the company's Portuguese Azambuja plant. Two sources were quoted as saying that GM might close the Azambuja plant in 2008. Meanwhile, an anonymous GM source was quoted as saying that no decision on the plant's future has yet been made.
Inte is planning to build the first information technology education center in the volatile Gaza Strip. The Intel Information Technology Center of Excellence is intended to provide IT training to Palestinians and stimulate development of high-tech industry in an area where half the labor force is unemployed. The center is being developed in conjunction with Washington, D.C.-based American Near East Refugee Aid and the Islamic University of Gaza. Intel has had a presence in Israel for more than three decades, but over the past few years has launched an initiative to also expand its investments in the Arab world. he center is the company's first large project in the Palestinian territories, an area where American corporate involvement is rare.
Federal Signal Corp. reported earnings results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2005. For the quarter, the company reported net loss of $25.9 million or $0.54 per diluted share on revenues of $306.8 million against net income of $6.1 million or $0.13 per diluted share on revenues of $300.4 million for the same period a year ago.For the year, the company reported net loss of $4.6 million or $0.10 per diluted share on revenues of $1,156.9 million against net loss of $2.3 million or $0.05 per diluted share on revenues of $1,063.9 million for the same period a year ago.The company provides earnings outlook for the year 2006. The company expects revenue growth of about 6% to 8% and earnings, excluding tax and divestiture gains, to be up 10% to 15%.The company announces Plans to exit the refuse truck body business and the closure of a small brazilian subsidiary which produced parking systems.
TETRA Technologies Inc. announced that it would expand its facilities in Magnolia, Ark., to directly integrate raw material production in an effort to cap rising wholesale costs. Tetra said the new facility will include brine production wells, a bromine plant and a calcium chloride plant directly on the site of its existing source for the raw materials. The new plant is also expected to aid the expansion of TETRA's existing West Memphis bromide facility, where oil well drilling fluids are made. Tetra said construction will occur in two parts, with the first phase expected to be operational by late 2007. The second phase is scheduled to be completed in 2009. The company said it expects that expanding the plant will cost more than $100 million and employ 100 workers.
MIVA Inc. announced the launch of its Agency Center in the U.S. Designed specifically for advertising agencies, Agency Center streamlines agency advertising initiatives by enabling access and management of multiple accounts from a central location. The Company is also broadening user access to its API enabling enterprises to fully automate ad campaign management programs from account set-up to reporting. MIVA Agency Center provides substantial enhanced functionality to enable agencies to service a wider range of enterprises of all sizes more rapidly and efficiently. In particular, upon log in, users have an immediate birds-eye view of the interface, which provides information for multiple accounts from a centralized location. As a result, users can better manage and monitor all of their MIVA Ad Center accounts. Agencies will also have streamlined new account creation and mass reporting functionality for all of their clients.
To meet the growing worldwide demand for the CyberKnife(R) Robotic Radiosurgery System, Accuray Incorporated opened an expanded manufacturing facility in Sunnyvale, California. The facility doubles Accuray's production capacity and is sized to support the company's growth over the next decade. In addition, the company strengthened its international presence by opening expanded regional offices in Paris, france and in Hong Kong to address the surge in sales and installations of the CyberKnife System worldwide.
Kraft Foods Inc. has closed 19 plants, eliminated 5,500 jobs and sold businesses with revenues totaling over $1 billion in the last two years as part of an ongoing restructuring.
The top executive of Deere & Co. said that the company had not ruled out making additional cuts as it confronts a slowdown in its main business and the challenges of the global marketplace. Speaking at Deere's annual meeting, Chairman and Chief Executive Robert Lane told shareholders that management was moving toward its goal of "creating an enterprise lean enough, and nimble enough, to produce solid profits throughout the business cycle." He said that after reporting record net income in 2005, Deere has started 2006 on "a positive note." Asked by a shareholder if the company would quickly discontinue an item, or an entire product line, to improve its operating performance, Lane said: "Everything has to carry its weight. Nothing is immune from being examined ... Everything is under the microscope." In December, the company agreed to sell its wholly owned managed-care unit to UnitedHealth Group Inc. for about $500 million in stock.
Harrah's Entertainment Inc. reported earnings results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2005. For the quarter, the company reported a revenues of $2.1 billion, up 76.2 % from revenues of $1.2 billion in the 2004 fourth quarter. The fourth-quarter net loss was $142.2 million, compared with net income of $76.9 million in the 2004 fourth quarter. The loss per share for the 2005 fourth quarter was 78 cents, compared with diluted earnings per share of 68 cents in the year-ago quarter. Fourth-quarter same-store sales at legacy Harrah's properties rose 12.3% from the year-ago quarter, while cross-market play increased 23.3%.For the full year, the company reported that, revenues rose 56.3% to $7.1 billion from $4.5 billion in 2004. Property EBITDA increased to $1.9 billion, up 59.7% from $1.2 billion in 2004. Adjusted EPS from Continuing Operations were $3.44, compared with $3.04 in 2004. Net income in 2005 was $236.4 million, compared with $367.7 million in 2004, while 2005 diluted earnings per share were $1.57, compared with $3.26 a year earlier. In November, Harrah's announced plans for a $550 million upgrade and expansion of Harrah's Atlantic City. The project encompasses a 964-room hotel tower and a 172,000-square-foot retail and entertainment complex, which will include a Red Door spa, an ultra-lounge nightclub, an indoor pool, a new Diamond Lounge, new retail stores, a 650-seat buffet and a 500-seat coffee shop. The existing buffet will be converted into new gaming space, adding 400 slot machines and 20 table games. The entertainment and retail center is expected to open by the end of 2006, while the new hotel tower is scheduled to open in the second quarter of 2008.
Serologicals Corp. announced earnings results for the fourth quarter and full year ended January 1, 2006. For the quarter, the company reported a net loss of $11,706,000 or $0.34 per share on net revenues of $87,133,000 against net profit of $3,541,000 or $0.12 per share on net revenues of $69,162,000 for the same period a year ago.For the full year, the company reported a net profit of $2,699,000 or $0.08 per share on net revenues of $274,945,000 against net profit of $17,661,000 or $0.59 per share on net revenues of $195,923,000 for the same period a year ago.The fourth quarter and fiscal 2005 results reflect one-time charges totaling $39.4 million, comprised of $38.0 for impairment and exiting costs and $1.4 million for inventory write-offs, arising primarily from decision to close manufacturing facilities in Toronto by mid-2006 and decision not to open a facility in Lawrence, Kansas. The fourth quarter and fiscal 2004 results reflect a one-time charge of $3.2 million for in process research and development arising from the acquisition of Upstate Group Inc. in October 2004.In January 2006, Celliance announced the opening of a new state of the art 18,000 square foot Global Distribution Center near its largest production facility in Kankakee, Illinois. Celliance made the decision to relocate its distribution center from its previous location in connection with the sale of its production and distribution facility formerly located in Milford, MA. The sale of the Milford facility, completed in January 2006, is expected to result in a gain of approximately $1.2 million during the first quarter of 2006.
Kraft Foods Inc. has said that it will continue to divest non-core businesses to better focus its product portfolio, shedding less than 5% of revenue over the next one to two years.
WR Grace & Co. announced that it will open a manufacturing facility in Mt. Pleasant, TN that significantly increases the company's capacity to produce roofing, flashing and structural waterproofing products, including Grace Ice & Water Shield(R) for residential roofing. The facility is expected to cost approximately $20 million and be operational in the third quarter.
Maytag Corp. will lay off about 50 workers at its Newton washer and dryer factory. The number of workers after the layoffs will be about 1,000. Last August, the company laid off 200 workers causing the factory to dip to its lowest work force level in nearly 60 years about 1,000.
Starbucks Coffee Company officially opens the doors of its newest Aberdeen drive-thru location on February 27, 2006. Aberdeen customers will enjoy the spacious and comfortable coffeehouse experience that they have come to know and expect from Starbucks. Inside the 1,648 square-foot store, customers are invited to relax and enjoy their favorite Starbucks beverages, while busy customers on the go will appreciate the convenience of the drive-thru window.
Sprint Nextel Corp. announced that it plans to cut roughly 2,400 jobs in 2006 to streamline operations, and it reported that costs from its merger dragged down fourth-quarter profit sharply. As part of its cost-cutting, the company for the first time disclosed how many jobs it plans to cut as a result of the merger, saying it expects to reduce its workforce of about 60,000 -- excluding the local phone unit that is being spun off -- by about 4% by the end of 2006. The workforce has already come down from roughly 63,500 at the start of 2005.
Fidelity National Information Services Inc. announced that it would begin cutting jobs at its Deming Way offices within the next month and continue dropping workers until the end of October. It will shut the doors on its Middleton location, putting nearly 350 local employees out of work by October.
Hewlett-Packard Co. has marked its entrance into the retail photo printing market with the introduction of a self-service photo kiosk and an in-store photo studio that will be rolled out in retail chains across the US. The HP Photosmart Express station is a standalone, self-service photo kiosk dedicated to producing 4 x 6-inch prints. The HP Photosmart Studio is the first and only in-store solution where consumers can design creative products in about five minutes, without having to crop or place photos into individual templates, and pick them up in one hour or less. The HP Photosmart Express station works with HP's recently acquired Snapfish to allow consumers to upload their photos at home, place an order online and use the HP retail photo solution for processing.
Johnson & Johnson announced that it would lay off 150 of its approximately 900 workers at its Scios unit. Scios has struggled since sales of its flagship drug, the heart failure treatment Natrecor, began declining last year over safety concerns. The job cuts will affect sales and marketing staff members in the field and at the Scios home office in Fremont, Calif.
Huntsman Corp. plans to spin off its commodity-chemical and polymer units into a new company so investors will place a higher value on the remaining specialty businesses. An outright sale of some units remains a prospect, the company said. Huntsman earlier this month ended talks with potential buyers for the entire company earlier after receiving bids that were too low. Huntsman said on Jan. 31 it was considering a sale after receiving an expression of interest from a prospective buyer late last year.
Neiman Marcus will open one of its Last Call Clearance Centers at Prime Outlets Ellenton in Manatee County. The 28,000-square-foot store is to open in 2007. Neiman, which has two outlet stores in South Florida, will open a location in Prime Outlets Orlando next year.
Procter & Gamble Co. announced 75 workers at its pharmaceutical manufacturing plant in Nenagh, Co. Tipperary would be terminated from their jobs. The company announced that a total of 15 short-term, temporary staff would be let go, together with 60 long-term, temporary staff.
Virtusa Corp. expects to pump in about $22 million next fiscal in expansion across its two global development-cum-delivery centres based in Hyderabad and Chennai. The company has completed five years in India and is extremely bullish on its Indian operations which it expects to double in 18 months. Company had grown to 2600 people, building on a compounded annual growth rate of 50%. The company has acquired seven acres in Hyderabad and is planning to develop a campus to host about 5,000 people. The $22-million capex planned does not cover the investments in the campus.
Starbucks Corp. is building a store at 4640 Forsyth Road and is expected to open in mid-April. The 1,750-square-foot restaurant will have a drive-through and inside seating. The company expects to hire about 30 workers.
General Motors Corporation announced that it will expand its transmission plant to produce a new, six-speed automatic transmission. The automaker will spend $504 million to add new equipment and expand the plant. The new six-speed transmissions are a big part of the company's future. GM expects to begin equipping more new models with the new transmissions because they provide better performance and fuel economy.
HealthTronics Inc. announced that it has opened its anatomical pathology laboratory whose primary focus is service to the urology community. The lab is located in a modern life sciences building on the campus of the Medical College of Georgia.
Ascent Media Group Inc. has unveiled what it is calling the industry's largest, most technologically advanced independent digital post-production network and distribution facility. The 100,000 square feet Digital Media Data Center (DMDC), based in Burbank, CA, combines post-production, media management and syndication services under one roof. The DMDC, built at a cost of $17 million over more than five years, consolidates multiple facilities and new workflows that address the increasingly complex delivery needs of an on-demand media landscape. Internal production processes are facilitated by Ascent's secure, high bandwidth network called ProdNet.
McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurants Inc. announced the opening of its Columbus, Ohio, restaurant, marking the national seafood restaurant operator's entry into that state. This opening brings McCormick & Schmick's nationwide presence to 60 locations in 25 states. The 8,000 square-foot Columbus McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant is located at 3965 New Bond Street in the Easton Town Center and has seating for more than 300 guests. McCormick & Schmick's plans to open a total of eight new restaurants by the end of 2006. McCormick & Schmick's menu is printed twice daily and generally offers at least 85 made-to-order dishes. The signature Fresh List typically contains more than 30 international, national, regional and local varieties of seafood. McCormick & Schmick's menu also features aged steaks, poultry, pasta and entree salads, an extensive wine list, hand-crafted cocktails, bottled and tap beer.
Perry Ellis International Inc. announced that it was expanding its Irvine, Calif. operations to become the West Coast hub for its swim and action sports division. Under the direction of Seth Ellison, the Southern California office will enable the company to draw inspiration from the spirit of the coastal beach culture. The expansion of the company's Orange County office will also give the company access to the large local talent pool of swimwear designers and action sports expertise.
News Corp. will introduce a mobile entertainment store as it seeks to tap the growing global cellular phone market. The store, Mobizzo, and a production studio will develop content for mobile phones in a way that 20th Century Fox creates movies and television programming. Unlike predecessors and peers, Mobizzo will sell its offerings directly to consumers and won't partner with a cellular service provider.
Raytheon Co. announced that it has laid off 130 employees because of restructuring in a contract with an unidentified government client. The layoff amounts to about 5% of the company's work force in this east Denver suburb.
Microsoft Corp. announced that it is opening its representation office in Azerbaijan. The annual budget of the office would be $1million at first times. Office in Azerbaijan would make every effort to upgrade the infrastructure of software business in the country and bring it to the level of international standards.
Microsoft Corp. the opening of an office in Bosnia in order to promote its software on the Bosnian market. In the next three years Microsoft plans to invest $4 million into a better partnership with Bosnian public and commercial institutions. The company will also work on promoting the use of personal computers and the fight against the software black market.Lejla Zukic-Krivdic is to be the manager of the office in charge of entire operation on this market.
Johnson Controls Inc. announced that more layoffs at York to employees on February 28, 2006, as the company that bought York International continues to transition corporate positions to Milwaukee. The state Department of Labor and Industry announced that it received letters confirming Johnson Controls will terminate six employees at its corporate office and 11 at its York Americas Division office, both located on South Richland Avenue in Spring Garden Township. The positions include human resource specialists, administrative assistants and support technicians. The latest round of layoffs will begin by the end of April and continue through the end of June. The company eliminated 47 administrative and management positions after the purchase, announced another 127 cuts to corporate and supervisory positions last month, and eliminated 28 manufacturing positions associated with production of its big chillers.
Tandy Leather Factory Inc. announced that it plans to open Tandy Leather retail stores in Little Rock, Ark., Denver, Colo. (Littleton), and Irving, Texas. These new stores are the fourth, fifth and sixth of twelve planned store openings in 2006 and bring the number of Tandy Leather retail stores to 56. The Little Rock store will be located at #1 Stagecoach Village Drive. The Denver store will be located at 5151 S. Federal Blvd. in Littleton and the Irving store will be located at 2000 Esters Road. The Little Rock store will open this week, and the Denver and Irving stores will be open by the middle of March.
Staples Inc. announced that twenty-five of the 99 new stores Staples added in 2005 were in the Chicago area, a market where Staples expects to open another 15 stores this year. 
Kraft Foods is investing $100 million to build a plant to produce instant coffee in Leningrad region. The plant will be built in the Gorelovo industrial zone in the Lomonosov district of Leningrad region at a site where the company already has an enterprise to package instant coffee. Construction will start in April and the plant should be up and running in the fall of 2007. About 50% of the investment will be used to buy equipment and the rest will be used to build the plant, install and set up equipment. The plant will have a capacity of 5,000 tonnes of products a year. Kraft Foods will import 10,000 tonnes of green coffee beans for its production needs.
General Motors Corporation announced it would shut down the Hazelwood facility as part of a sweeping restructuring plan that would close 12 assembly and parts plants and lay off 30,000 workers by 2008.
Alcoa Inc. announced plans to take advantage of Iceland's cheap renewable electricity and build a second smelter in Iceland by 2010 that would have a capacity of 250,000 metric tons per year. Alcoa finalized plans to build a $1.5 billion aluminum smelter in the Cap-de-Ville area of Trinidad. The company said that geothermal power and natural gas reserves will provide low-cost electricity. The plant will produce 341,000 metric tons of aluminum per year starting in 2008.
Kimball International Inc. announced that it will close its electronics assembly plant in Auburn, Ind. by September 1, 2006 laying off 137 workers. The closing is tied both to Kimball having excess capacity in N. America and to the loss of customer contracts. Workers at the Auburn facility will receive severance or a retention bonus. Kimball has moved some of its electronic contract assemblies to a new factory in Nanjing, China, that opened in November 2005. The company trimmed 200 jobs last year, combining a furniture and TV cabinet making factory in Mexicali, Mexico, with a similar plant in Juarez .
Lear Corp. will idle its Hazelwood seat-assembly plant and lay off 251 employees on March 10 as it shuts down production ahead of the idling of its main customer, Ford Motor Co.'s assembly plant in Hazelwood, according to information provided to the state of Missouri. On Jan. 23, Ford announced it will consolidate Explorer production in Louisville, Ky., as part of a plan eventually to close the Hazelwood assembly plant. The last day of Explorer production at the Ford plant is set for March 10.
Foot Locker Inc. reported financial results for its fourth quarter and full year ended January 28, 2006. Net income increased 7.0% to $0.61 per share, or $96 million, from $0.57 per share, or $89 million last year. For the fourth quarter period, sales increased 1.9% to $1,564 million this year compared with sales of $1,535 million for the corresponding prior year period. Full year net income was $1.68 per share, or $264 million, compared with $1.88 per share, or $293 million last year. Full year sales increased 5.6% to $5,653 million, compared with sales of $5,355 million last year. The Company opened 119 new stores during the year, remodeled/relocated 316 stores, and closed 165 stores. The Company plans to open approximately 175 new stores, remodel and relocate 350 stores, and close 110 stores.The company provides earnings outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2006. For the full year, the Company currently expects will contribute to an earnings increase to between $1.75 and $1.85 per share. The Company currently expects its first quarter earnings to be in the range of $0.37 to $0.40 per share.
Ladish Co. Inc. announced its plans to build a new isothermal forging press at its plant in Cudahy, Wisconsin. Isothermal forging is an advanced, high-technology forging process for aerospace materials. It is the process of choice for manufacturing critical, rotating, near-net-shape jet engine components. Ladish currently has two isothermal presses, one rated at 4,500 tons and the world's largest, rated at 10,000 tons.
Sauer-Danfoss Inc. reported earnings results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2005. For the quarter, the company reported net profit of $4,051,000 or $0.08 per diluted share on net sales of $345,103,000 against net loss of $7,188,000 or $0.15 per diluted loss share on net sales of $339,259,000 for the same period a year ago.Fourth quarter 2005 earnings include income tax benefits of $3.8 million, or $0.08 per share, primarily related to prior years' operating loss tax benefits not previously recognized. Fourth quarter 2005 results were negatively impacted by an increase in the cost of implementing the common company-wide business system of $2.2 million, or $0.03 per share, compared to fourth quarter 2004.For the year ended December 31, 2005, the company reported net profit of $38,715,000 or $0.81 per diluted share on net sales of $1,547,816,000 against net profit of $33,186,000 or $0.70 per diluted share on net sales of $1,404,159,000 for the same period a year ago.Earnings for 2005 were negatively impacted by an increase in the cost of implementing the company-wide business system compared to the prior year of $15.7 million, or $0.21 per share. Full year 2005 earnings include income tax benefits of $4.4 million or $0.09 per share, primarily related to prior years' operating loss tax benefits not previously recognized.The board of directors approved an increase of the Company's quarterly cash dividend to $0.14 per share, an increase of 17% over the Company's last dividend of $0.12 per share. The dividend, for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, is payable on April 14, 2006, to stockholders of record as of March 31, 2006.The Company announced its intention to close its LaSalle, Illinois, plant by the end of 2006. The plant, which employs approximately 150 people, is primarily a machining facility for the Propel Division. The majority of plant operations will be outsourced to external suppliers. The total cost of closing the plant is estimated to be between $8.0 million and $10.0 million, or $0.11 to $0.14 per share.The company provides earnings guidance for the full year of 2006. The company expects sales to be up 5% to 8% and earnings per share of $0.90 to $1.05 (after deducting restructuring and implementation costs).The company will incur costs in the coming year as the company continue the business system implementation and further the company’s efforts to reduce the complexity of the business. These efforts will provide for increased future earnings while enabling us to better serve the customers.
Verizon Communications Inc. plans to cut 10% of the jobs in the division that targets business clients as part of the integration of MCI Inc. The 3,500 job cuts are part of a three-year plan to eliminate 7,000 of the Verizon Business division's 35,000 workers.
Eastman Chemical Co. has announced an expansion project that will double 1,4- cyclohexanedimethanol (CHDM) capacity at its Kingsport, TN site by late 2006. The expansion will provide the scale and integrated assets to enhance Eastman's global copolyester manufacturing capabilities.
NCR Corp.'s plant in Humboldt, which makes paper rolls for cash register receipts, is expected to close this summer with many of its 97 jobs being moved to the company's plant in Morristown. Plant officials told Humboldt workers that the facility was being closed because it was no longer profitable to operate. Many of the Humboldt jobs are being transferred to NCR's Morristown plant, near Knoxville. Some employees will have the option to transfer to the Morristown plant while many will qualify for severance packages.
Worthington Industries Inc. announced that the planned closure of its Dietrich Metal Framing manufacturing facility in LaPorte, Ind. Forty-nine people are employed at the steel processing plant, which is expected to cease operations by the end of June 2006. The facility processes small-walled, galvanized steel coils which have seen a decrease in supply over the past several years. In addition, Dietrich Metal Framing, a division of Worthington Industries, is converting all of its manufactured products to UltraSTEEL(TM) a patented technology that alters the characteristics of steel to make it stronger. The move to this new process further decreases Dietrich's ability to utilize the products created in this facility.
The Children's Place Retail Stores Inc. announced sales results for the four-week period ended February 25, 2006. For the month, total consolidated sales increased 7% to $113.8 million, compared to sales of $106.8 million reported for February 2005. February sales included $84.7 million from The Children's Place, a 4% increase compared to last year's sales of $81.5 million, and $29.1 million from Disney Store, a 15% increase compared to last year's sales of $25.3 million. Consolidated comparable store sales increased 1% on top of a 24% increase for the same period last year. Comparable store sales for The Children's Place brand decreased 2% compared to last year's 24% increase, reflecting the later Easter. Comparable stores sales for the Disney Store brand increased 13% in February. February marks the first month that 259 Disney Stores entered the Company's comparable store base.The company revised earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2006. The Company now anticipates consolidated fourth quarter 2005 GAAP earnings per share of approximately $1.57 which includes a $2.1 million, or $0.07 per share, charge related to the previously announced accelerated vesting of certain stock options; and an approximate $0.3 million, or $0.01 per share, charge reflecting the Company's plan to retrospectively apply FSP FAS No. 13-1, the expensing of rent during construction, to prior periods. Excluding the impact of accelerated stock options vesting and FSP FAS No. 13-1 discussed above, fourth quarter earnings per share are anticipated to be approximately $1.65, at the high end of previous guidance. The Company now anticipates fiscal 2006 GAAP earnings per share of $2.67 to $2.77 including equity compensation expense or $3.00 to $3.10 excluding equity compensation expense, a $0.10 increase to previous guidance.During February 2006, the Company closed one Disney Store.
Coach Inc. and Simon Property Group Inc. announced that they have formed an alliance to open or expand Coach retail stores in Simon's premiere malls and lifestyle centers over the next two years. This agreement, the first of its kind for Coach, encompasses a total of 30 'deals in principle' and will include opening about 20 new Coach retail stores and expanding an additional 10 locations over a two-year period.
Chevron Corp. announced that it would cut 700 jobs in a restructuring that followed its purchase of Unocal. The company had cut 250 of the positions by year's end and had used $62 million of the $106 million it had set aside for job-cut expenses. The 700 cuts represented about 1.2% of the company's 59,000-plus staffers at year's end.
ConAgra Foods Inc., part of a previously announced restructuring plan, will close its office at 1933 N. Meacham Road in Schaumburg by June, impacting 60 workers.
Dentsply International, Inc. announced that it will close its Elk Grove Village plant and lay off 53 workers because the facility didn't receive federal approvals. Another 67 employees will remain until the plant is sold and new owners take over.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will open a new store in the old Kmart building in Marina after obtaining a long-term lease for the 91,266 square-foot building at Beach and Reservation roads. Wal-Mart Stores, the international retail giant, leased the building for at least 20 years from Tallen & Keshen Holdings, a Marin County development firm that bought the 7.8-acre Kmart building and parking lot last year. Wal-Mart said its general merchandise store will be the lead tenant for the renovation of the Marina Landing Shopping Center. Kmart was the partially developed center's first anchor tenant, but it closed the store in 2000 when the retail chain was in financial trouble.
Marathon Oil Corp. will spend $2.2 billion for expanding its Ashland Refinery in Garyville.The project is in the initial design and engineering phase. No date has been set for concluding the initial design phase. Construction could possibly begin in early 2007 with a possible completion date of fall 2009. A need to increase capacity is driving the proposed expansion. The Garyville refinery can process 245,000 barrels of crude oil per day. The expansion would increase the refinery's capacity by 180,000 barrels per day, bringing it up to a 425,000-barrel-per-day capacity.
Hayes Lemmerz International Inc. announced that, nearly 90 workers will be out of a job by the end of March. The 89 employees at the Hayes Lemmerz International plant, 1870 Riverfork Drive, received notice on Feb. 17 that they would lose their jobs. Reduction in the factory's workforce is because of a recent decision by General Motors Corp. to purchase wheels through another manufacturer. Some of the work done at the Huntington plant included wheels for General Motors. Some of the employees to be laid off were sent to the company's Wabash factory, which manufactures other automotive parts such as aluminum intake manifolds and water pump housings. A few other employees were given jobs at another Hayes Lemmerz wheel manufacturing plant in Georgia.
EchoStar Communications Corp. and its DISH Network(TM) satellite TV service announced it will launch local high definition TV channels via its satellite TV service to customers in the following seven cities including: Albuquerque, Atlanta, Boston, Minneapolis, Philadelphia, Salt Lake City and Washington, D.C. DISH Network now offers local HD channels to customers in 12 cities, having previously launched the service in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Denver and Nashville. DISH Network will launch high definition local channels through its satellite service in additional cities across the country, reaching more than 50% of U.S. TV households with local HD channels by end of 2006. DISH Network expanded its HD channel lineup in 2006 and launched the new DishHD programming packages. With the addition of new national HD networks including ESPN2 HD and Universal HD, plus five new original VOOM HD channels, DishHD offers the most comprehensive lineup of HD programming in the pay-TV industry.
Bell Microproducts Inc. has launched a new single-tier, services-focused business unit to provide storage solutions to end users. Secure Data Group will provide data management and recovery, business process management, compliance services and information security.The company also announced that Secure Data Group will be led by Ed Ginty.
Jo-Ann Stores Inc. reported earnings results for fourth quarter and full year ended January 28, 2006. For the quarter, the company reported net loss was $18.0 million, or $0.78 loss per diluted share, compared with net income of $32.3 million, or $1.40 per diluted share in the prior year. Net sales for the fourth quarter increased 2.7% to $604.1 million from $588.2 million a year ago. Same-store net sales decreased 3.0% for the quarter, versus a same-store sales increase of 4.3% in the fourth quarter last year. Pro forma net earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006 were $9.1 million, or $0.39 per diluted share, against $32.3 million, or $1.40 per diluted share, in the prior year fourth quarter.For the full year, the company reported net loss for the year was $23.0 million, or $1.01 loss per diluted share, compared with net income of $46.2 million, or $2.02 per diluted share in fiscal 2005. Net sales for fiscal 2006 increased 3.9% to $1.883 billion from $1.812 billion in fiscal 2005. Fiscal year 2006 same-store net sales decreased 0.8% versus a same-store sales increase of 3.2% in the prior year. Pro forma net earnings were $4.1 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, for fiscal 2006 versus $48.8 million, or $2.13 per share, in fiscal 2005.Gross margins for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006 decreased to 41.9% of net sales from 45.4% in the fourth quarter last year, due to higher promotional activity and markdowns compared to a year ago. Selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding other expenses separately identified in the statement of operations, increased to 35.8% of sales in the fourth quarter from 33.3% in the fourth quarter last year. The company announced that on February 23, 2006, it had completed an amendment of its $350 million senior bank credit facility, increasing the size of the facility to $425 million. The term of the senior bank credit facility remains unchanged, extending through April 2009. The amendment to the senior bank credit facility, among other things, also improves advance rates on inventory during peak borrowing periods and modifies the consolidated net worth covenant. At the beginning of the fourth quarter, the Company conducted its annual impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, for fiscal 2006. As a result of the evaluation, the Company determined that the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeded its implied fair value, and that a total impairment of goodwill existed. During the fourth quarter, the company recorded a non-cash charge of $27.1 million to recognize the goodwill impairment. No tax benefit is recognized as a result of the impairment charge.For fiscal 2007, the company anticipates opening 26 new stores.For the fiscal 2007, the company anticipates closing 55-60 existing stores.The company provided Same-store sales guidance for the fiscal year 2007. Same-store sales decline of 4 to 5% in the first half of the year, slightly improving in the back half of fiscal 2007;Selling, general and administrative expenses increase of 95 to 125 basis points as a per-centage of net sales from fiscal 2006, including a 260 to 280 basis point year-over-year increase in the first half of the year, primarily due to higher store expenses resulting from the same-store sales decline and impact of higher fixed costs of the superstore format, which is a more significant portion of store base.
RF Micro Devices Inc. unveiled plans to create 300 jobs as part of an $80 million expansion. This is RFMD's fifth expansion in the 15 years since it opened its doors, proving that North Carolina is continuing to make the right investments to succeed in the global economy. The highly skilled manufacturing jobs at RFMD are expected to pay an average salary of $52,290. Construction is scheduled to start in June and expanded operations are expected to begin in the fall. The state gave the company incentives worth nearly $5 million to stay in North Carolina. The company said it needed to expand to meet market demands for its products.
VeriFone Holdings Inc. announced the formation of its new Hospitality Systems group, focused on providing complete payment solutions for restaurants. Exhibiting at the 2006 Multi-Unit Restaurant Technology Conference here, the Hospitality Systems group is hosting the first U.S. demonstration of the company's new Vx 670 handheld payment platform. Building on VeriFone's success in delivering high speed payment systems to Quick Service Restaurants across North America, the Hospitality Systems group stands poised to make a similar impact on payments for casual and fine dining operators with the introduction of its first product built specifically for POS-integrated tableside and curbside payments. Building on VeriFone's success in delivering high speed payment systems to Quick Service Restaurants across North America, the Hospitality Systems group stands poised to make a similar impact on payments for casual and fine dining operators with the introduction of its first product built specifically for POS-integrated tableside and curbside payments.
Georgia-Pacific Corp. is closing its particle boards plant near this northern Michigan town, putting 210 employees out of work. The company announced that the plant would close permanently. Built in 1965, it was purchased by Georgia-Pacific in 1987. Paper products giant Georgia-Pacific is the maker of Brawny paper towels and Angel Soft tissue.
LSI Logic Corporation announced plans to focus its business on growth opportunities in the information storage and consumer markets, increasing associated research and development (R&D) investments, while redirecting R&D from non-core areas and reducing associated selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenditures. LSI intends to fund additional R&D investments in its focus markets by redirecting ongoing investments in its RapidChip(R) platform ASIC technology, and by selling its ZSP(R) digital signal processor (DSP) unit. The company's ZSP unit, which provides licensed ASIC technology to the broadband and wireless communications markets, is expected to be sold. No timeframe for completion of this transaction is being announced at this time. 
NetSuite Inc. announced the establishment of NetSuite K.K., a wholly-owned subsidiary with exclusive rights to NetSuite's award-winning products in Japan.
Dell's Oklahoma City Customer Contact Center announced that the company has reached 1,000 employees and the company now plans to hire an additional 400 people over the next few months. Many of the new positions involve comprehensive technical and sales support for Dell's largest customers. The largest area of growth will be in support of Dell's enterprise products including network servers and storage products which grew 21% year-over-year in the last quarter. The expansion also includes a specialized sales support team for large customers in higher education and health care. Construction of Dell's second building along the Oklahoma River, west of downtown, is nearing completion and initially will be used for technology and service training. The new building is a mirror image of the first, sharing a large courtyard and employee amphitheatre that overlooks the river.
Environmental Tectonics Corp. announced the construction of ETC's National AeroSpace Training and Research Center (NASTAR Center). On November 14, 2005 ETC announced construction of the Tactical Flight Simulation and Aviation Training and Research Center. ETC has expanded the Center's capabilities to include Space Tourist and Traveler training. The Center has been renamed the National AeroSpace Training and Research Center (NASTAR Center). The Center will open in January 2007 and will offer a complete range of aviation training and research support as well as Space training services. ETC's National AeroSpace Training and Research Center (NASTAR Center) will provide world-class aviation training and research support for military and civil aviation and space travel / tourism.
Traffix Inc. announced the official launch of its new strategic business unit, mxFocus, created to offer its customers a new avenue to reach mobile consumers. The new business unit is believed to be the first in the mobile marketing services industry to develop and offer delivery of content and services directly to consumers' wireless devices through every major wireless carrier network. MxFocus will extend the reach of advertisers, advertising agencies, direct marketers and content providers to the nearly 200 million US cell phone users that use their phones on a daily basis for talking, texting, downloading audio and video and browsing the internet.
Ford Motor Co. announced that assembly plant in Hazelwood built its last Ford Explorer sport utility vehicle, marking the end of 58 years of production at that facility. The final goodbyes meant even more because she had fought hard to get hired at the plant 20 years ago, dealing at the time with harsh treatment meted by supervisors still resisting the idea of hiring women. Entering as an outsider, she now considers Ford and the United Auto Workers as part of her family.
Regal-Beloit Corp. has established an engineering design-cum-global technology centre in Hyderabad with an investment of about $4 million. The centre would form a critical part of the company's global operations. The centre through GE has helped co-develop a product called X13, which is now being marketed globally. Some employees at the design centre are from GE pedigree.
Shaw Group Inc. announced the opening of its new Shaw Gulf Coast Operations Center located in New Orleans. This office represents a consolidation and expansion of Shaw's operations in the region and will support 100 professionals and a significant workforce dedicated to rebuilding New Orleans and the Gulf Coast area.
TeleTech Holdings Inc. announced that it will cease operations in its Enfield facility by the end of April. The company told 325 workers at its office on Vision Drive last week that it will lay them off on April 30, 2006. The facility is a telephone customer-care call center for companies that outsource that kind of work.
GrafTech International Ltd. announced that it expects to cut 150 jobs at its carbon electrode line in Columbia, Tenn. The company announced internally on Feb. 28 that it intends to exit the operations completely due to significant cost increases and pricing pressure. GrafTech has produced carbon electrodes for 70 years at the facility. The company expects to cut the jobs between June 2006 and March 2007.
Exxon Mobil Corp. plans to boost the amount of money it invests to bring oil and natural gas to market by about $2 billion a year through the end of the decade. Last year, the Irving-based company increased capital spending to a record $17.7 billion, and that amount will rise to about $20 billion annually for the next few years.
Aeropostale Inc. reported earnings results for the fourth quarter and year ended January 28, 2006. For the quarter, the company reported net income of $41.8 million or $0.76 per diluted share, versus net income of $35.3 million or $0.62 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2004. Net sales increased 33.1% to $435.2 million versus net sales of $327.1 million in the fourth quarter of last year.For the year ended January 28, 2006, the company reported net income of $84.0 million or $1.50 per diluted share, compared to net income of $84.1 million or $1.47 per diluted share for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2005. Net sales increased 24.9% to $1.204 billion, versus net sales of $964.2 million last year. For the first quarter of fiscal 2006. the company expects earnings in the range of $0.14 - $0.16 per diluted share, including the negative impact from $0.01 per share for stock option expense and $0.03 per share loss related to Jimmy’s. For the full year fiscal 2006, the company expects earnings per share growth of approximately 20%, including the negative impact from full year stock option expense of $0.04 per share. Based on the comparable fiscal 2005 pro-forma earnings per share of $1.47, after deducting $0.03 per share of pro forma stock option expense, this earnings per share growth would be approximately 22%.The company announced that it intends to open approximately 70-75 Aeropostale stores and up to 5 Jimmy'Z stores during fiscal 2006.
AnnTaylor Stores Corp. reported financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended January 28, 2006. Net income for the fourth quarter ended January 28, 2006 was $27.4 million, or $0.38 per share on a diluted basis, compared to net loss of $12.5 million, or $0.18 per share on a diluted basis for the fourth quarter ended January 29, 2005. Total net sales for the fourth quarter were $574.0 million, up 17.8% from $487.4 million last year. Comparable store sales for the fourth quarter increased 6.8% compared to a 4.0% decrease last year. The company reported net income as adjusted of $31,308,000 or $1.26 per diluted share compared to net loss of $12,469,000 or $0.07 per diluted share for the same period a year ago. During the fourth quarter of 2005, the Company recorded a charge in the amount of $6.5 million, or $0.05 per share on a diluted basis, in relation to the settlement, subject to court approval. The Company recorded charges totaling $12.7 million, or $0.11 per share on a diluted basis, associated with severance, the recording of rent expense with respect to its corporate office space at Times Square Tower in New York City, and additional pension expense.For the fiscal year ended January 28, 2006, the Company reported net income of $81.9 million, or $1.13 per share on a diluted basis, compared to net income of $63.3 million, or $0.88 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period last year. The company reported net income as adjusted of $91,349,000 or $0.43 per diluted share compared to net income of $70,602,000 or $0.98 per diluted share for the same period a year ago. As previously reported, fiscal year net sales totaled $2.1 billion, up 11.8% from $1.9 billion last year. Comparable store sales for the fiscal year increased 0.1% compared to a 3.6% increase last year. The Company plans to open approximately 10 Ann Taylor stores, 60 LOFT stores and five Ann Taylor Factory Stores, with total square footage growth of approximately 7.3%.The Company provides earnings guidance for the fiscal 2006. The Company expects to see fiscal year 2006 comparable store sales increase in the low single-digit range over 2005, with gross margin improving over last year. The company is currently comfortable with a range of $1.60 - $1.65 for earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2006. This includes an estimated $0.06 charge to reflect the expensing of stock options. Excluding the impact of stock option expense, earnings per diluted share on an operating basis for fiscal 2006 would be in the range of $1.66 to $1.71. This represents a 32% to 36% increase over 2005's $1.26 in diluted earnings per share on an operating basis.
ITT Industries Inc. announced that it plans to invest $12.3 million over the next two years to enhance communication and manufacturing equipment at the company's Aerospace/Communications Divisions. The defense contractor makes military radios at its Fort Wayne factory and is not expected to increase the number of workers.
Standard Register Co. announced that it will close a label printing plant in Terre Haute, Ind., and eliminate 60 jobs . The company is closing the 23-yearold plant to consolidate operations and better manage growth of its label business. These moves, combined with investments in new short-run roll label equipment and manufacturing computer systems, will create a label manufacturing 'center of excellence' in Radcliff where all key complex label products will be produced.
Pfizer Inc. is eliminating about 40 positions, including data-management jobs, within its southeastern Connecticut operations as part of its continuing global restructuring. The local job reductions follow a downsizing of about 28 jobs last month within Pfizer's global manufacturing plant in Groton. Many of those affected by the job reductions are local, and longtime, Pfizer employees, and it's expected that the most recent job reductions would be completed around mid-April. The restructuring plan has already produced savings of about $800 million during 2005 -- ahead of initial projections -- and the company is forecasting savings of $2 billion this year and $3.5 billion in 2007, culminating in the anticipated annual savings of about $4 billion in 2008.
3Com has created a business partner organisation within its corporate structure as it formally introduced the changes to its reseller programme better known as Focus across Europe. Resellers to now be awarded points for technical specialisations as well as for volumes of products shipped to achieve their partner status.The company appointed Curt Fisher as vice-president of the business partner organisation at 3Com, believed that at its heart the Focus programme would look to reward the business partners for the value add they can bring to customers.
Dendrite International Inc. announced the launch of its Integrated Support Center, offering industry leading, pharmaceutical-specific sales support services. Unlike a traditional help desk, Dendrite's Integrated Support Center features a Customer Interaction Hub to enable service integration, history tracking and linkage across multiple service channels, and continues to be backed by pharmaceutical industry-dedicated service experts who on average handle over three million calls per year, worldwide. Dendrite's Integrated Support Center enables problem resolution through its easily accessible channels ranging from Interactive Voice Response (IVR), web self-service, chat and email to phone. With these newly enhanced, integrated features, sales representatives can get the right answers to the simplest or the most complex questions through the right channel.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that it plans to open shop in Dearborn. The company paid $9.65 million for 18.1 acres in the Fairlane North shopping complex, which includes 192,902 square feet of the shuttered Kmart building.
VeriSign Inc. announced it is entering the Broadband Content Services market to provide rich digital media over IP networks. VeriSign also announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Kontiki, a leading provider of managed peer delivery systems for high-quality video, software and digital content. Kontiki's system will form the cornerstone of VeriSign's Broadband Content Services platform to enable the delivery of rich media over broadband networks to personal computers, television sets and portable devices. The broadband delivery capabilities complement VeriSign's Mobile Content Services infrastructure and expand the company's Content Services portfolio. 
Mercury Computer Systems Inc. announced that it would cut 80 jobs, or about 8% of its workers globally, as it looks to cut costs on previously revised growth expectations. The company said the cuts would be made across its business units and are expected to save it over $7 million a year. The company, which makes real-time digital signal processing systems for the defense and medical imaging segments, expects to take a charge of around $2 million, which it will accrue in its fiscal third quarter ending March 31, related to the job cuts.
Wyeth announced that it is to lay off 250 workers at its Wyeth Medica facility in Co. Kildare as part of a rationalisation programme. Wyeth said it had experienced a reduced demand for several products manufactured at the plant.
BellSouth Corp. which has agreed to be bought by AT&T for $67 billion, reports that the takeover will mean 200 fewer management job cuts than were announced Dec. 15, 2005 as part of a work force reduction plan. The company would cut 1,300 jobs by the end of May instead of the planned 1,500.
Dow Jones Indexes, part of Dow Jones & Co. Inc. expanded the Dow Jones Select Dividend Index series by launching three regional and country indexes that track the highest yielding stocks in the Asia/Pacific region, Asia and Japan. The Dow Jones Asia/Pacific Select Dividend 30 Index has been licensed to serve as the underlying for two exchange-traded funds (ETFs). The Dow Jones Asia/Pacific Select Dividend 30 Index, Dow Jones Asia Select Dividend 30 Index and Dow Jones Japan Select Dividend 30 Index measure the performance of the top 30 stocks by dividend yield in their respective markets. Represented countries in the Dow Jones Asia/Pacific Select Dividend 30 Index are australia, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand and Singapore. Represented countries in the Dow Jones Asia Select Dividend 30 Index are Hong Kong, Singapore and South Korea.
Google Inc. is expanding its role in the publishing world from a search engine for books to a distributor making entire books available to read online. The company launched a new program Friday that allows traditional book publishers in the United States and Britain to sell and set the price for access to full copies of their books. Consumers who purchase the access cannot save copies of the books or individual pages to their computers and can only view them through a Web browser.
Marriott International Inc. has announced the launch of the new Cologne Marriott Hotel. The hotel has 282 guest rooms and suites, as well as 12 conference and meeting spaces in different sizes. It is Marriott International's first new opening with rooms featuring the Marriott Revive(R) beds. Situated near the main train station, tourists as well as business travelers will be attracted by the new hotel. The design of the building around the circular courtyard provides many of the rooms with a unique layout. All guest rooms were equipped with the new Marriott Revive(R) beds, including luxurious soft sheets, a selection of pillows and a plush mattress designed for relaxed sleep and wonderful dreams. Every room offers two internet ports and 'sat-on-demand', a choice of 400 international TV-channels. Spacious Suites are available, as well as nine Executive Studios. These are especially attractive for guests who plan longer stays at the hotel, featuring a large 645 square foot (60 square meters) floor plan.
Wal-Mart Corp. will enter Anhui, and open 2 to 3 stores in Hefei. The first store in Hefei will be located on Changfeng Road, with a total area of 40 mu, and a business area of 30,000 square meters. The location for the second store will be in the Anhui Xindi Real Estate Plaza of Xinzhan District, which is at where the Linquan Road and the Quanjiao Road meet. Carrefour, McDonalds and Lotus have been operating in Hefei, and retailing giants such as Metro and Auchan are also in the process of choosing their business locations in Hefei.
THQ Inc. announced the formation of XDG (External Development Group), a new team charged with streamlining the company's development outsourcing needs. Shiraz Akmal, previously director of research and development at THQ's Heavy Iron Studios, has been tapped to lead XDG.
Northwest Airlines Corp. announced that the tentative agreement being considered by its flight attendants could lead to about 1,200 of them leaving the company early under a severance plan. The plan also includes pay cuts of 21%, and would save Northwest $195 million a year. The union's leadership has not recommended either acceptance or rejection. About 8,500 flight attendants now staff Northwest's flights, and another 1,200 are on furloughs. The contract includes raises of 1.5 percent in 2007, 1% in 2008, 2009 and 2010 and 2 percent in 2011.
Kimberly-Clark Corp. announced that it plans to close a diaper plant and distribution center and either close or sell another mill, moves that could affect nearly 700 workers. The proposal was part of its plan announced last summer to trim 10% of its global work force. The company wants to close its Lakeview diaper and distribution center in Neenah, where about 510 people work, by the end of 2007. Officials said they are working with the union on those closing plans. It hopes to sell its Neenah nonwovens mill, which employs about 165, by the end of the year.
Kimberly-Clark Corp. said it plans to close a diaper plant and distribution center and either close or sell another mill, moves that could affect nearly 700 workers. The Dallas-based consumer products company, which manufactures brands such as Huggies diapers and Kleenex tissue, said the proposal was part of its plan announced last summer to trim 10 percent of its global work force. The company wants to close its Lakeview diaper and distribution center in Neenah, where about 510 people work, by the end of 2007. Officials said they are working with the union on those closing plans. It hopes to sell its Neenah nonwovens mill, which employs about 165, by the end of the year.
Harrah's Entertainment Inc. announced the openings of The Omaha-Council Bluffs market's only land-based, full service casino, ringing in a new era of gaming in the Midwest. With roughly 100,000 square feet of gambling space on a single level and a host of amenities located immediately adjacent to the gaming floor the renamed Horseshoe Council Bluffs brings a new level of casino gaming experience to the market. Previously known as Bluffs Run Casino, Horseshoe received an $85 million renovation and expansion over the past year.
Millipore Corp. announced that it has increased its investment in personnel and facilities to support the growth of its business in emerging international markets such as China and India. As part of its expansion in China, Millipore has doubled its number of direct and indirect sales representatives in the region and opened a larger office in Beijing to support the growth of products such as the Company's Direct-Q(TM) ultrapure water system. Millipore has been a leader in China for more than twenty years and also has offices in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu and Hong Kong. The expansion of its offices will provide Millipore with the ability to make additional investments in its field organization, which will enable the Company to capitalize on growth from outsourcing trends and new laboratory investments. In India, Millipore is sourcing some of the Company's Bioprocess hardware systems through its local joint venture company and is expanding its research and development operations in the region. The Company's growth in India is being driven by laboratory investments from pharmaceutical companies, the emergence of new biotechnology companies, and increasing drug production to support India's growing population and worldwide demand. Several of Millipore's new products and services have been successful at addressing the unique needs of the Indian market.The Company has appointed Geoff Ide as Vice President of International Markets. Ide comes to Millipore with more than twenty years of experience in marketing and international general management, most recently serving as President of Bausch and Lomb's Japan operations. His experience in Japan over the past six years includes driving sales growth and organizational change. Ide's experience will help Millipore to expand its substantial presence in the Japanese market.
ConAgra Foods Inc. slashed its dividend and said it planned to divest its seafood, domestic and imported cheese businesses as it boosts marketing to try to jump-start sales of its remaining brands. The company has started the process of divesting some brands, putting its Eckrich, Butterball and Armour lunch meets up for sale and announcing agreements to sell its Louis Kemp seafood and Cook's Ham businesses.
Georgia Pacific Corp. announced that it is ceasing operations at its Old Town pulp and paper mill that employs 400 people. The closing was the latest blow to Maine's paper products industry. In October, Georgia-Pacific acknowledged that the Old Town mill was costlier to operate than its other mills as the company announced it was shutting down two tissue-converting lines and four napkin lines, eliminating about 50 workers. After those shutdowns, the mill continued to produce paper pulp and large parent rolls of tissue. The plant closing marks the latest difficulty for Maine's paper industry, which employs about 10,000 workers roughly half of the level 10 years ago.
Wabash National Corp. announced that the Company has decided it will withdraw from the domestic intermodal container market by March 31, 2006. The decision to exit this business will negatively impact first quarter pre-tax results by approximately $1.5 million, including approximately $1.0 million related to the write off of assets. Over the last three years, container sales have averaged less than 3.5% of annual unit volume and have been one the Company's lowest margin products.
Admitting it will file its annual report late, Chicago-based fitness chain Bally Total Fitness Holding Corp. on Tuesday, March 14, confirmed it is seeking a buyer as dissident shareholders have demanded. The company has been battling its two largest shareholders, Liberation Investment Group LLC and Pardus Capital Management LP, for months, and fended off their demands that the board be replaced and chairman and chief executive Paul Toback be fired. But in a news release, Bally Total Fitness said it will miss the March 16 deadline for filing its 2005 annual report, which means it will violate a covenant of its public bond indentures. The company has been busy auditing past years' financial statements and has not had time to implement and test new systems needed to deliver the report on time, it said. The company had said previously it was conducting a strategic review with J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Blackstone Group. But at the end of Tuesday's filing, it added that the review has progressed to the next stage and the advisers have been asked to contact "interested parties" about the strategic review — meaning they are beginning the auction of the company.
To enhance its presence in the southern markets, McDonald's Corp. has decided to increase the number of outlets in the region. Having opened its second outlet in Bangalore, the fast food chain intends to add another 6-7 outlets in south India. Expecting to grow at 50% this year from its core business of restaurants, the restaurant chain has also been spreading to other services such as home deliveries and setting up cold kiosks for selling its ice creams.
Google Inc. announced that it expects to complete its $1 billion investment in America Online during the second quarter, slightly later than the two popular Web sites originally anticipated. When the online search engine leader announced its plan to buy a 5% stake in AOL three months ago, the two sides predicted the $1 billion would be invested before the end of March. The company now expects to make the investment some time during the three months ending in June, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The SEC documents didn't specify the reasons for the delay, but indicated Google and AOL need additional time to work out the final details of their expanded alliance. The new arrangement will extend beyond the extra cash being infused into AOL, which rebuffed Microsoft Corp. to strengthen its ties with Google.
Hayes Lemmerz International Inc. announced that it's planning to close its Huntington, Ind. cast aluminum wheel making plant by the end of its fiscal second quarter. The plant employs about 185 people.
Allegheny Technologies Inc. announced the Phase II expansion of its titanium production capabilities. These investments, which total approximately $25 million, are aimed at increasing ATI's capacity to produce titanium and titanium alloys for aerospace applications and other robust global markets. The Phase II expansion includes Additional titanium sponge capacity and Additional vacuum arc remelt (VAR) capacity.
Pfizer Inc has started talking to a number of parties interested in its consumer medicines arm, which owns brands including Listerine and Nicorette, a spokesman for the company said. However he reiterated that a decision on the future of the unit is not likely to be made for a few months yet. Pfizer said last month it would explore 'strategic alternatives' for the business, and investment bank Lazard has been hired to oversee the process. Options include a sale, a spin-off or retaining the unit. The Sunday Times claimed Reckitt Benckiser PLC is lining up financing for a £6 billion bid. The Pfizer spokesman declined to confirm that, or say if any offers have been tabled. 'We have initiated discussions with a number of interested parties and are going through a process that we expect to conclude in the third-quarter,' he said. 'It's too early in the process to say what the decision is going to be.'
Sun Microsystems announced expansion of its customer financing and leasing unit. The new unit, to be known as Sun Microsystems Global Financial Services (SMGFS) and formerly called Sun Microsystems Finance, aimed to build an array of worldwide programmes for businesses of all sizes looking for flexible and affordable financing options. The new SMGFS unit has the resources to provide customers, distribution channel and resellers immediate access to creative financing options, accelerating the acquisition of fully-integrated business solutions worldwide.
Science Applications International Corp. announced the openings of the Advanced Radar Research and Development and Production Center. The Radar Center was created to help satisfy the steadily increasing demand for advanced Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) products, which can provide critical, time-sensitive information on difficult problems faced by tactical commanders and senior decision-makers in the military community. The Radar Center will have the ability to create storm tracking and damage prediction maps, hazard and asset location maps and optical satellite remote sensing maps. The Center will also provide the basic census demographics of affected areas and street address geo-coordinates that will help civil authorities to rapidly direct resources to the places they are needed most.
Unisys Corp. completed the sale of its stake in Nihon Unisys Ltd. of Japan and will use the proceeds to begin carrying out plans to cut some 3,600 jobs. The company said it would carry out cut roughly 3,000 of the planned job cuts by the end of September, with the rest of the layoffs expected to follow by year end. The company expects the move, which will trim about 10% of its workers, to generate yearly cost savings of $250 million by the end of 2007.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that the construction will begin within 30 days to expand its store to include full-service grocery shopping. After the Board of Aldermen approved the project's site plan, the company said work will begin as soon as possible. About 200 people, nearly all opposed to the project, attended a special board meeting in the cafeteria of Wentzville Middle School, where aldermen voted 5-1 for Wal-Mart's plan. Most of the nearly 70,000-square-foot expansion will be used to sell groceries.
Industrial gas supplier Air Products & Chemicals Inc. on Wednesday said it is considering the sale of its amines and polymers divisions, while restructuring and investing in other operations to help grow its business. The company also approved a $1.5 billion stock repurchase program, and raised its quarterly dividend to 34 cents from 32 cents, payable on May 7 to shareholders of record from April 3. The buyback plan is in addition to a previous $500 million program, and is expected to begin in the fiscal third quarter. The company plans to restructure its polyurethane intermediates business, with plans to sell a dinitrotoluene facility in Geismar, La., for $155 million to BASF Corp. The deal has received regulatory approval and is expected to close by month-end.
Dell Inc. vowed to employ about 1,400 Filipino workers in its newly opened customer contact center at the SM Mall of Asia in Pasay City, or double its original capacity. The company said it plans to create about 700 more jobs than originally expected, bringing its projected employment to about 1,400 people. Dell's 145,000 sq ft state of the art contact center, which started operations last month, is a premier tenant at the second floor of the new SM Mall of Asia Complex.
Inter-Tel Inc. may put itself up for sale amid a looming takeover offer from its founder and ousted chief executive Steven Mihaylo, according to sources close to the company, The New York Post reported in its Wednesdays edition. Mihaylo, who founded Inter-Tel in 1969 and owns 20% of the company, was in New York last week pumping private equity firms and others for cash to back his buyout plan, according to people who met with him, the Post reported. At its current stock price, Inter-Tel has a market capitalization of roughly $572 million and about $170 million of cash on its books. A a private equity firm would probably have to cough up at least $100 million to acquire it. The Post reported that sources close to Inter-Tel's new chief executive, Norman Stout, said he is weighing whether to search for other potential buyers if Mihaylo bids. Stout did not return a call for comment. 
Photronics Inc. announced the start of production at the company's stand alone flat panel display (FPD) mask manufacturing facility. Located in the Central Taiwan Science-Based Industrial Park at Taichung, the facility is the first of its kind in Photronics' global photomask manufacturing network. Initially, the company has equipped the operation to deliver mask technology and services to companies producing displays using Generation 6 through Generation 8 process technologies. The 10,146 square meter facility Photronics opened has been modeled to the same specifications of the leading-edge flat panel display fabrication facilities it is designed to support. Redundant systems and cross qualifications with Photronics' FPD mask manufacturing facility in Korea enable Photronics to significantly improve its support of this rapidly growing portion of its customer base in both the Korean and Taiwanese regions.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that the retailer has trimmed to 1,300 from 1,500 the number of stores it to expand the more fashionable Metro apparel line this spring. The Metro line is among Wal-Mart's latest efforts to step up the quality of its offerings and to encourage certain customers to cross shop the entire store.
Eaton Corp. announced that the creation of the Vehicle Solutions Business Unit (VSBU). This allows Eaton's Truck group to realign its VORAD(R) and MD(R) Tools Mobile Diagnostics product lines and transform its business model from a component-based supplier to a systems-based solutions provider. Future VSBU offerings will include integrated diagnostics, safety and other operational management solutions to fleets.
Lockheed Martin Corp. opens Knowledge Creation Laboratory, which to centralize knowledge discovery, analysis and information access and sharing from across the corporation to aid government customers in the global war on terror. The 1,248-square-foot lab to be a valuable resource to missions that span the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the intelligence community, the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Defense. The lab will be a center for the design, development, integration, test and demonstration of knowledge creation and management services and solutions -- including the combination of information technology and tradecraft, information extraction, collection, storage and visualization.
Rock-Tenn Co. will close its box-folding plant and lay off about 130 employees. The company plans to close its plant on Madera Avenue later this year, saving the company about $2 million a year. Much of the business will be absorbed into its Greenville, Texas, plant.
TeleTech Customer Care Management Phils. is continuing its big-ticket expansion in the Philippines in 2006, looking at putting up additional facilities outside Metro Manila.
Walgreen Co. announced that plans to open its first Store at St.Lawrence County location in November at 175 Market St. The store will be between McDonald's and the Asian Buffet & Mongolian Grill on the west side of the street. It will compete with Eckerd Pharmacy, 201 Market St., and Kinney Drugs Inc., 200 Market St., and could face competition from the pharmacy in the proposed Wal-Mart on Route 11 west of the village.
RadioShack Corp. reported that it would shut down 480 outlets nationwide, with nine slated to close in the Boston area. Faced with plummeting earnings and a shake-up in senior management, the electronics retailer will begin closing shops in May. Locations closing in Greater Boston include stores in Weymouth, Kingston, Wellesley, Saugus, Marlboro, Waltham, Randolph, Natick and Stowe. In addition, two stores in New Hampshire - in Hooksett and Manchester - will also shut down.
General Motors Corporation announced it plans to eliminate 30,000 jobs and shutter a dozen plants by 2008. The dramatic buyout plan announced this week -- open to all 113,000 of the company's hourly workers -- may do much to move the company toward that goal. For many younger employees with less than 10 years on the job, the buyout may seem quite attractive: $70,000 in cash. Those with more than 10 years of seniority will receive $140,000 for leaving. Other than accrued pension benefits, workers choosing lump-sum buyouts will receive no other health or retirement benefits. For older employees, GM is offering a menu of early-retirement plans. For example, anyone eligible to retire with 30 years of service, retroactive to Oct. 1 last year, will receive full retirement benefits and a lump sum payout of $35,000.
Cintas Corp. announced that will build the 57,800-square-foot facility on 6.5 acres north of W. Mill Road and west of N. 62nd St. The agency's Land Development Committee approved the sale of the city-owned site to Cintas for $60,000 per acre. Based in Cincinnati, Cintas provides company uniforms, restroom supplies, promotional products, first-aid and safety products and other goods to businesses. The Milwaukee facility will cost $4 million to build and will have $4.5 million worth of equipment, including an industrial laundry. The facility will include a distribution center and offices. The Milwaukee facility could eventually have up to 125 employees working on three shifts. Cintas will pay wages ranging from $7.50 to $11.75 an hour.
Wal-Mart Supercenter has opened in the Inland Empire, and there are more on the way. Beaumont's Supercenter covers about 216,000 square feet, employs about 600 people and will generate between $300,000 and $500,000 a year in sales tax revenue.
Internap Network Services Corp. announced that it has expanded its Private Network Access Point(R) (P-NAP), a central element within its Internet architecture providing seamless interconnectivity across multiple IP Networks. The new 10Gb interfaces allow Internap customers to grow bandwidth quickly and efficiently, while taking advantage of the intelligent route control available through the P-NAP architecture.
ValueClick Inc. announced the completion of the integration of its ValueClick Media and Fastclick display advertising networks and named the division ValueClick Media. In conjunction with building one of the largest display advertising networks, ValueClick Media has also expanded its lead generation capabilities by leveraging the technology of its sister brand, Webclients. The combined display advertising and lead generation network, known solely as ValueClick Media, becomes the online advertising industry's most comprehensive resource for direct response and brand marketing solutions and revenue generating opportunities for publishers. This network reaches over two-thirds of the Internet users in the U.S. (comScore Media Metrix) and generates millions of consumer leads each month.
General Motors Corp. announced that it laid off as many as 500 salaried employees across the country in the first wave of job eliminations aimed at bringing the size of the automaker's white-collar workforce in line with its shrinking U.S. market position. GM plans to cut 7% of its salaried workforce this year in a drive to slash costs and reverse steep financial losses, meaning as many as 2,000 more mid-level workers may lose their jobs. Since 2000, GM has cut white-collar jobs by 30%. GM has about 36,000 salaried workers in the United States.
RadioShack Corp. announced that it plans to close two Macon stores later this year as part of the company's turnaround plan. The Macon stores scheduled to close are at 5966 Zebulon Road and 225 Tom Hill Sr. Blvd. The closures affect only company-owned stores, not franchise-owned stores. The company will concentrate its efforts and investment on improving top performing stores.
Radio Shack Corp. announced that it will close seven Oklahoma stores this summer. The company announced last month that it would close 400 to 700 stores nationwide. The closing store in Oklahoma City are at 4903 N May Ave., 10960 N May Ave., 4408 SE 44, and 6741 E Reno. Others are at Heritage Park Mall in Midwest City, 1001 E State Highway 152 in Mustang, and 1107 E 71 St. and 5630 W Skelly Drive in Tulsa. The stores are scheduled to close Aug. 1.
Premises are being sought for a new Domino's Pizza store in Billericay. The store, which could create up to 30 new jobs in the area, should be near a busy road and have nearby parking.
William Wrigley Jr. Co. announced the establishment of the Wrigley Science Institute to study whether chewing gum may help consumers as a tool in weight management, stress relief and increasing alertness and concentration. The Wrigley Science Institute is committed to advancing and sharing scientific knowledge about the benefits of chewing gum in areas such as weight management and satiety, reducing situational stress, influencing brain activity and cognitive function and promoting oral and dental health.
The opening of Morton's, The Steakhouse in Troy, Michigan marks a milestone for Morton's Restaurant Group Inc. The Troy Morton's, located in the City Center Building (888 W. Big Beaver Road), is the company's 70th Morton's, The Steakhouse. The original Morton's, which was co-founded by Chicago restaurateurs Arnie Morton and Klaus Fritsch, opened in Chicago in 1978. Morton's is America's most acclaimed multiple-location, company-owned fine-dining restaurant brand.
McAfee Inc. announced its decision to invest more than $80 million to expand its centre in India in the next four years and add 400 employees to its workforce by 2008. The centre will focus on research and development of security solutions and product innovation and will take ownership of some of the key security products it creates from requirements to customer release.
Talbots Inc. announced that it plans to open 46 new J. Jill stores this year. The company also said that it intends to maintain Talbots and J. Jill as separate brands and to operate independently in such areas as merchandising, stores, catalog, online, marketing and store design.
Armstrong Holdings Inc. to establish a wood floor production base in East China's Jiangsu Province. According to the agreement, the Armstrong World Industries Inc. and a timber firm based in Guangdong Province will jointly invest $70 million in the 53-hectare production base in the city of Kunshan. The 50-50 joint venture is expected to produce 20 million square meters of wood flooring every year after it starts operations in May, 2006. About 60% of its output will be exported to the world market.
Tandy Leather Factory Inc. announced that it plans to open Tandy Leather retail stores in Merrillville, IN and San Bernardino (Highland), CA. These new stores are #7 and #8 of twelve planned store openings in 2006 and bring the number of Tandy Leather retail stores to 58. The Merrillville store will be located at 2460 West Lincoln Highway. The San Bernardino store will be located at 3545 E Highland Avenue in Highland. Both stores will be open by the middle of April. Dennis Hull, who has been the manager in Detroit store, will be taking the reigns in the Merrillville store. Broderick Simons, currently the manager in San Diego store, will be transferring to San Bernardino.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that it has opened a new supercenter, unlike any it currently operates, targeting upscale shoppers and catering specifically to female shoppers needs. Everything about the new 203,000-square-foot supercenter, located in Plano, TX, is different? store layout, to merchandise selection to new signage and graphics to a selection of wines that can cost up to $500 per bottle. The supercenter, which resides in a highly competitive retail corridor 20 miles north of Dallas, is a test for Wal-Mart to see if the new store features and strategies catch on with the upscale consumer.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. announced the formation of MGM's New Media division. The companyh named Douglas A. Lee to oversee the new unit as Executive Vice President. In this newly created role, Lee will oversee MGM's digital distribution strategy. He will also spearhead the studio's broadband and wireless efforts and shepherd new digital media growth. Most recently, Lee was the founder of Lee Consulting Company in New York.
Rainmaker Systems Inc. announced that the company is expanding its Austin operations center. The addition of over 7,600 square feet to current 46,000 square footage in Austin provides additional scalability and enables us to deliver enhanced value-add services to both current and prospective clients. This expansion is at a prime time, given the growth in business and the success have seen with transition completed in 2005. The Company is leveraging the benefits of the completed relocation of its primary operations center in late 2005.
RF Micro Devices Inc. has unveiled plans to expand its wafer fabrication facility in Greensboro, North Carolina. Estimated to cost around $80 million, the company, in fact, has begun expanding its wafer fabrication equipment base in existing clean room facilities. Volume production is anticipated later this year. The planned expansion at Greensboro campus is expected to increase RFMD's six-inch wafer manufacturing capacity by approximately 40% from current levels when fully operational. Consequently, when working at full capacity, it should be able to process some 25,000 wafers per month. Both, gallium arsenide (GaAs) heterojunction bipolar transistor (HBT) and pHEMT process technologies will see increased capacity with the new expansion plan. As a result, the company expects to add 300 new highly skilled positions at the expanded facility. Concurrently, RFMD is also gearing up its Greensboro facility for the gallium nitride (GaN)-based, high-power PAs for infrastructure applications. Reliability tests are underway. Leveraging its experience in GaAs production, the supplier intends to take its GaN HEMTs to production in 2007.
Synplicity Inc. announced that it plans to exit the ASIC market, focusing its efforts on the field-programmable gate arrays and ASIC verification segments. The company plans to cut about 8% of its workers in a move that it expects to save it about $4.5 million a year. Synplicity said LSI Logic Corp.'s recent decision to withdraw an ASIC, or application-specific integrated circuit, product from the market prompted its review of its strategic direction.
Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. has said that it plans to divest its plant in Phoenix, Ariz. If a purchaser cannot be found, the facility will likely be closed by the end of the second quarter of 2007.
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. announced the opening of an SAP NetWeaver(R) Test Center at the Company's techno-complex in Bangalore. Cognizant is making increased investments in SAP(R) solutions to help customers realize the full potential of SAP's Enterprise Services Architecture based on the SAP NetWeaver platform. Global demand for services around the SAP NetWeaver platform is increasing significantly, as leading enterprises--including SAP's global customer base of over 30,000--begin service-enabling their business processes. This is reflected in growing demand for SAP NetWeaver from Cognizant's customers, specifically in the manufacturing and life sciences industry segments.
Sprint Nextel Corp. announced that its aggressive plans for the expansion and evolution of the Sprint Power Vision(SM)network which now covers over half of the U.S. population with mobile broadband data services. By year end 2006 the high-speed wireless network is expected to reach an estimated 190 million people nationwide and in Puerto Rico, making it the largest mobility network of its kind. Sprint will concurrently implement second-generation technology upgrades later this year known as EV-DO Revision A, to bring additional mobility benefits to users beginning in first quarter 2007. Sprint plans to reach about 220 million people in the U.S. with the advanced network by the end of third quarter 2007.
Dow Chemical Co. announced that it would cut up to 350 jobs from its South Charleston operations over the next three years, the latest reductions at a plant the chemical giant acquired from Union Carbide five years ago. The company is terminating an agreement between subsidiary Union Carbide and BayerMaterial Science effective April 1, 2009, idling from 230 to 330 Union Carbide workers. The company also plans to cut its upper management positions in West Virginia from 10 to one.
Ramius Capital Group, L.L.C. disclosed in a Schedule 13D filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it represents a group of investors (the "Ramius Group") who together beneficially own approximately 7.2% of the common stock of S1 Corporation ("S1") (NASDAQ: SONE). Ramius has delivered a letter to James S. Mahan, III, S1's Chairman and CEO in which it expressed its belief that the best way to unlock shareholder value would be to pursue a competitive sale process for the entire company.
Best Buy Co. Inc. announced that it will triple the number of Magnolia stores-within-a-store to 300 Best Buy outlets by the holiday season. The segment also will figure prominently in Best Buy's plans to hire 1,000 home theater installers, building to 2,500 total by year-end. As Best Buy boosts Magnolia presence to a wider audience nationally, it increasingly will position installations as a critical strategic capability. Installations is part of enhanced services, one of 6 operational priorities this year.
RadioShack Corp. announced that it will close one of its three stores in Norwalk. The store at 410 Westport Ave. will be one of six in the state that the Fort Worth company will shutter by August. Among Radio Shack's 55 Connecticut stores, others to be closed are in East Hartford, East Haven, Meriden, Waterbury and Waterford.
Union Carbide Corp. announced it was ending a longtime contract with Bayer effective April 2009, leaving 230 to 330 employees without jobs. Those employees provide the infrastructure services, like power and wastewater treatment, plus perform other duties such as security, emergency response, medical services and maintenance, for Bayer. Hiring the Carbide employees is one of Bayer's many options. The agreement has been in place since 1990. Union Carbide's manufacturing base has declined due to the business consolidation and changing market conditions, which have resulted in higher costs for Union Carbide and Bayer to do business at the site.
Northwest Airlines Corp. plans to launch a subsidiary using regional jets flown by furloughed pilots. To be known as Compass Airlines, the venture is a scaled-down version of Northwest's original -- and with pilots rather unpopular -- plan to outsource much of its short-haul domestic flying. The inaugural service in June will be with a single aircraft.
Corning Inc. announced that it will spend $1.5 billion to expand a liquid-crystal-display facility in Taiwan and a clean-diesel-products factory in New York.
Lucent Technologies Inc. announced that as part of its merger plans with Alcatel it will establish a separate subsidiary to perform research and development work for the U.S. government that is of a sensitive nature. Consequently, the combined company will form a separate, independent U.S. subsidiary under Bell Labs for certain contracts with U.S. government agencies to ensure that this type of work continues to be performed in the U.S. with the proper safeguards in place. nature. This subsidiary will be separately managed by a board that will be composed of three independent U.S. citizens acceptable to the U.S. government. The combined company also will adhere to other appropriate safeguards to protect sensitive work product. This type of structure is routinely used to protect sensitive government programs in the course of merger transactions involving a non-U.S. party.
McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. announced that its plans to spend more than $32 million to build a four-story office building in the Port of Dubuque area raised some eyebrows. The company said its decision is a huge affirmation for Dubuque as a community and a center for a quality work force.
Best Buy Co. Inc. announced that it is cutting 300 jobs from its corporate staff as part of a broader plan to trim expenses. The positions cut across all departments at its Richfield, Minn.-based headquarters.
Verizon Communications Inc. announced that it is introducing its FiOS TV service in several areas of the country-including in Nassau County, providing consumers for the first time with a real choice in TV providers. The company has been in the process of building out its network in the Town of Hempstead with its advanced fiber-to-the-premises systems. By the end of 2006 the %age will be about 65%, and by the end of 2007 up to 87% of the both the franchise area and town will be served by fiber. As part of its 2006 construction program, the company is building fiber systems in Freeport, Roosevelt, Baldwin, Merrick, Elmont and Franklin Square. In 2007, the company will build in the Village of Hempstead, Uniondale and West Hempstead, and Long Beach and surrounding communities.
Belden CDT Inc. has entered into negotiations with union representatives of its employees in Orebro, Sweden over plans to discontinue manufacturing operations there. Upon completion of the talks, the company expects to relocate production to its other European manufacturing locations. Belden plans to establish a service center and maintain its Swedish sales representation.
As part of Alcatel SA's plan to buy Lucent Technologies Inc., about 8,800 jobs will be cut from the companies' combined work force of 88,000 after the deal closes. Lucent spokeswoman Mary Ward reported that it's too early to say which jobs would be cut or if any of Lucent's 1,259 workers on E. Broad Street will be affected. The cuts will be phased in over the next three years.
Computer Sciences Corp. announced that it plans to cut about 5,000 jobs, or about 6% of its work force, over two years and that a possible sale of the company is under consideration. Computer Sciences said it would cut its work force of 80,000 employees as part of a major restructuring to improve the company's cash flow and earnings. The restructuring plan involves 4,300 job cuts during fiscal 2007 and 700 job cuts in fiscal 2008. Most of the reductions will come in Europe.
Computer Sciences Corporation announced that restructuring program, which is designed to streamline CSC's worldwide operation and leverage the increased use of lower cost resources, involves workforce reductions of approximately 4,300 employees during fiscal 2007, which began April 1, 2006, and approximately 700 employees in fiscal 2008. A majority of these reductions will occur in Europe, but plans will vary by country based on local legal requirements and consultation with works councils and employee representatives, as appropriate.
The Wall Street Journal reported that Computer Sciences Corp. is in talks that could lead to a potential sale of the company, people familiar with the matter said yesterday April 3, in what would be a $10.6 billion-plus transaction. The company is already engaged in discussions with a number of parties, said the people familiar with the matter, though they wouldn't identify them. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is handling the sale process. While no deal is certain, CSC is also expected to announce a separate restructuring today, the people familiar with the matter added. That restructuring will pare about 5,000 jobs from CSC's global work force of about 80,000.
Dell Inc., is adding 200 new jobs at its mainland operations in 2006, following the expansion of its China Design Centre. This expansion is an important next step for us to further enhance global product innovation and to support business growth in China and around the world.
Tech Data Corp. unveiled its TDSolutions Center, a 4,500-square-foot, hands-on, proof-of-concept lab that enables resellers to demonstrate the latest IT solutions for their end-user customers. Located at the distributor's worldwide headquarters in Clearwater. The TDSolutions Center is comprised of the latest technology products from more than 80 manufacturers and software publishers including Cisco Systems, IBM, HP and Microsoft. The TDSolutions Center includes: The Pro A/V Center featuring a home theater solution with 60-inch plasma display, media PC, environmental controls, digital projectors and surround sound. The Video Conferencing Center demonstrating a real-world corporate boardroom utilizing the latest IP-enabled voice, video and data conferencing solutions. The Vertical Marketplace enabling resellers to design and test an array of solutions for key vertical markets including education, finance, government and healthcare. The Systems Builder Storefront showcasing POS and data capture technologies in a retail environment displaying PC systems, laptops and components in various stages of assembly.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that over the next two years it will build more than 50 stores in neighborhoods with high crime or unemployment rates, on sites that are environmentally contaminated, or in vacant buildings or malls in need of revitalization. The new stores are expected to create between 15,000 and 25,000 jobs and generate more than $100 million in state and local tax revenue for these communities.
PeopleSupport Inc. has set aside some $15 million in investments to add 2,000 more seats which are expected to be all operational within the first half. Out of the total 2,000 additional seats for the first half, some 420 seats to be added to its facility in Costa Rica. In the Philippines, PeopleSupport is targeting to fill up 1,000 new seats in its PeopleSupport Center in Makati City and 450 new seats in its provincial site in AsiaTown IT Park in Cebu City.
Kraft Foods Inc. announced that it is eliminating 330 jobs at Kraft Foods Inc.'s pizza production plant in Sussex. The facility, at W227-N6088 Sussex Road, will close March 2007, with production being transferred to Kraft's two other Wisconsin frozen pizza plants, in Little Chute and Medford. The closing is part of a larger restructuring that Kraft announced this year to help reduce the company's costs and streamline its worldwide operations.
Build-A-Bear Workshop Inc. announced that it is opening its first store in Temecula. Build-A-Bear sells custom-made stuffed animals. A companion store, Friends 2B Made, will open next door. Friends 2B Made sells custom-made dolls. This will be the first Friends 2B Made store in California. Build-A-Bear lets customers create unique stuffed animals (not just bears) and dress them in a variety of outfits. Each bear has a personalized fabric heart sewn into its chest. Between $10 and $25 for a bear and about $12 for Friends 2B Made dolls. The company opens the store on April 21, 2006 in the Promenade mall, on the upper level near the Robinsons-May.
Lucent Technologies Inc. announced the expansion of its network services business with a multivendor network power solution designed to help mobile and wireline operators reduce operational costs and improve network reliability. Lucent's network power solution offers customers a vast array of services including upgrades of existing network power infrastructure, removal of outdated equipment, and thorough and comprehensive audits and assessments of power and battery equipment. In addition, Lucent's comprehensive power solution will help customers design and implement modernized, up-to-date and reliable power and communications networks, while helping to lower operational costs associated with procuring, deploying and maintaining power and battery gear.
Arrow Electronics Inc. plans to eliminate 180 sales support jobs after transferring the functions to an outside company beginning next month. Only one of the 180 job cuts will come from its Long Island workforce. Arrow employs 800 locally and 11,000 around the globe. Arrow will transfer the sales support work to Infosys Technologies Ltd., the consulting firm. Employees will remain at the company at least through June 1, 2006. On April 3, 2006, Arrow confirmed it had begun the transfer of an additional 110 jobs, this time from its administrative finance section, to Infosys. Of those 110 jobs affected, 35 are on Long Island. Despite the cuts, Arrow plans to hire 50 more workers locally, and has 200 job openings companywide in other areas.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. announces the opening of The Westin Denarau Island Resort & Spa on the island of Fiji. The Westin Denarau Island Resort & Spa is designed to reflect Fiji's rich Melanesian culture and local tropical island style with priceless local ancestral carvings, artifacts and lush tropical gardens filled with exotic flowers and native birds. The resort is spread over 30 acres of prime beachfront land on Denarau Island and connected to the mainland of Fiji by a causeway. It is only 20 minutes from Nadi International Airport and three minutes from Port Denarau Marina and situated next to the Sheraton Fiji Resort and the Sheraton Denarau Villas. Guests have full access to all the facilities at the adjacent Sheraton resorts including five restaurants, three bars and lounges and three swimming pools. The world-renowned Denarau Golf & Racquet Club is a leisurely stroll away offering an 18-hole championship golf course and 10 tennis courts. The resort's spacious guestrooms and suites are superbly furnished in sensitive harmony with the South Pacific setting, reflecting the charm and simplicity of traditional Fijian crafts and culture.
Websense Inc. announced the establishment of its Websense(R) Wireless division to optimize and protect the mobile internet environment.The company has also dedicated resources to its wireless initiative with the appointment of Kian Saneii to the new role of General Manager, Websense Wireless, and the formation of a team focused solely on wireless opportunities worldwide.
Collins & Aikman Corp. announced that it will exit the automotive fabrics business, pending approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court. The action will affect three plants in Roxboro, NC, as well as plants in Farmville, NC and El Paso, Texas that will continue to operate as the business is transitioned to other suppliers. This action will impact approximately 1,200 Collins & Aikman employees. During the exit process C&A will continue to evaluate the potential sale of certain portions of the fabrics business to interested parties while working to ensure seamless transition for its customers.
Home Depot Inc. will open new stores in Vernon, WestBank, South Surrey and Squamish within the year but the Big Orange isn't overlooking Vancouver Island in its aggressive expansion plans for British Columbia.
Google Inc. announced that is displaying apartment rentals and homes for sale on its online maps, a move that sparks heightened rivalry with classified ads website craigslist.org. Users searching for apartment rental or homes for sale on Google are asked to plug in their location. Listings are then displayed with red push pins on a Google map.
Andersons Inc. announced it has submitted the appropriate requests for an air permit in preparation for a potential ethanol plant to be constructed adjacent to its existing grain elevator in Dunkirk, Ind. Currently Andersons Inc. is the largest equity investor in two ethanol facilities under construction, that when completed, will have the capacity to produce 165 million gallons of ethanol annually. The Andersons Albion Ethanol LLC is scheduled for completion in the third quarter of 2006. Ground recently was broken for The Andersons Clymers Ethanol LLC, which is scheduled to be completed in the first quarter of 2007.
Costco Wholesale Corp. reported net sales of $5.36 billion for the five weeks ended April 2, 2006, an increase of 10% from $4.87 billion in the same five-week period of the prior fiscal year. For the first thirty-one weeks of its fiscal year ended April 2, 2006, the Company reported net sales of $33.91 billion, an increase of 11% from $30.49 billion during the similar thirty-one-week period of the prior fiscal year.The Company plans to open an additional 17 to 19 new warehouses, including the relocation of one warehouse to a larger and better-located facility, prior to the end of its 53-week 2006 fiscal year ending on September 3, 2006.
Hewlett-Packard Co. announced setting up of a lab at the International Institute of Information Technology, Bangalore, (IIITB) campus to undertake technology research catering to the requirements of the telecom service providers in the 3G space. This is the first lab in India that would help students from IIITB to undertake projects on HP's pioneering efforts in the industry standard IMS (IP MUltimedia Subsystem) network architecture built on the HP OpenCall software platform. The lab would especially focus on developing standards based innovative applications to offer enhanced multimedia features and other value added services that can be deployed by the telecom service providers.
Best Buy Co. Inc. has closed a concept store where it tested the idea of selling home electronics alongside herbal supplements and portable heart defibrillators. The company closed its eq-life store in Richfield. Two other eq-life stores, in Oak Park Heights and St. Paul, remain open, although no new eq-life stores are planned.
John Deere Welland Works laid off 13 to 18 people after issuing layoff notices to 33 people. This is a reduction done on one of the production lines.
Collins & Aikman has announced its withdrawal from the unprofitable automotive fabrics business and will seek buyers for certain portions of the activities, most notably a plant in El Paso, Texas during the exit process. The operations employ around 1,200 workers at five plants - four in North Carolina and the one in Texas. These will continue to operate during the wind-down period as the business is handed over to other suppliers. The company has indicated that the fabrics business was facing declining demand as a result of shifting consumer tastes, as well as cost pressures from rising raw material prices and growing competition from suppliers outside the United States. The withdrawal is subject to U.S. Bankruptcy Court approval.
Manpower Inc. announced that it plans to open 20 new offices over the next two years and double its headcount from 420 consultants to 800. The company, which had just 70 consultants in the country in January 2005, expects to increase its revenues from India by over 150%. The company is tapping the tier-II and tier-III cities to service the increasing demand of the business processing outsourcing sector.
Sun Microsystems Inc. announced that it has cut 200 jobs from its scalable systems group (SSG), the division responsible for servers that run on its Sparc chip architecture. In a statement, Sun said that the cuts accounted for about 7% of the SSG division.
Entegris Inc. announced that it will increase its manufacturing capacity in the Asia-Pacific region by expanding its facility in Kulim, Kedah. Construction of the 91,000 sq ft addition - that will house both research and development and manufacturing activities - began last month and is expected to be completed by September. The Kulim expansion project follows the company’s opening of a new regional service centre in Hsinchu, Taiwan, last September.
Time Warner Inc. cut 250 jobs from its magazine division. The move is part of a continuing effort by the publisher to reduce dependency on traditional revenue sources. Time will have cut 450 of its 12,000 jobs since December. Time cut 105 jobs in December and about 100 jobs in January.
Alberto-Culver will consider spinning off its consumer goods and beauty outlets businesses after a $2.6 billion deal to merge its Sally Beauty outlets with Regis Corporation fell apart last week, according to its chief executive. The collapse of the deal has thrust US-based Alberto into the spotlight, raising speculation that the group could be a takeover target, possibly for its L'Oreal brand.  
Lockheed Martin Corp. announced the beginning of construction on its new office building in Chantilly. The new building, dubbed Stonegate II, will expand the company's existing Chantilly operations in support of Intelligence Community and Department of Defense customers. When complete, the 6-story, 145,000-square-foot building will house approximately 600 employees. Lockheed Martin's Integrated Systems & Solutions business area will be the main occupant of the facility and will provide enterprise level integration related to Command, Control, Communications, Computing, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (C4ISR). Work performed at the facility will include space and terrestrial communications, signals, systems engineering and analysis, modeling and simulation, and enterprise integration for Intelligence Community customers. The site is located in the Westfields Corporate Center, adjacent to Lockheed Martin's existing Stonegate I facility on Conference Center Drive.
Smurfit-Stone Container Corp. announced the decision to discontinue operations at its Smurfit-MBI corrugated container facility located in Pembroke, Ontario. A total of 139 employees will be affected by this decision. The plant is tentatively scheduled to close before the end of July 2006. During the coming weeks, production will gradually be transferred to nearby Smurfit-MBI facilities. As part of Smurfit-Stone's strategic initiatives, announced in November 2005, the company will improve its cost profile by closing up to 20% of its corrugated container facilities and transferring the business to larger plants.
Titanium Metals Corp. announced that it will construct a new state-of-the-art electron beam (EB) cold hearth melt furnace at its facility in Morgantown, Pennsylvania. The new EB furnace will provide TIMET with the additional capacity to melt approximately 8,500 metric tons of titanium metal per year, increasing the Company's overall EB melt capacity by approximately 54%, depending on product mix. The latest furnace design capitalizes on TIMET's leading position in EB melting technology and incorporates sophisticated data acquisition controls, sensors and the Company's recently patented monitoring systems. The new EB furnace will cost approximately $35 million and upon full commissioning in the first quarter of 2008, will be capable of producing quality titanium products for use in all market sectors.
Viasys Healthcare Inc. announced that it has completed a transaction in which it formed Theranox Inc., a company dedicated to exploring medical applications of topically applied gaseous nitric oxide (gNO). Quaker BioVentures and NewSpring Capital, both Philadelphia-based venture capital firms, jointly led the initial financing of Theranox, and VIASYS participated in the financing as an investor. VIASYS owns or controls an extensive patent portfolio for the topical use of gNO and has exclusively licensed these patents to Theranox for use in this field. The license agreement provides for milestone payments, technology access fees and royalty payments to VIASYS.
Time Warner Inc. may get rid of smaller units to help fund an expansion of its main businesses, Chief Executive Officer Richard Parsons said. Parsons, who will already reap more than $1.5 billion by selling a book-publishing unit and a stake in the AOL Web division, said he wants Time Warner's larger units to remain in the No. 1 or No. 2 spots in their respective industries. "When you're a small player and the buzz is consolidating, you need to get bigger or get out," Parsons said in an interview at the cable industry's annual National Show in Atlanta yesterday April 10. "We have to keep performing, do some smart things around trimming the portfolio." Parsons is looking to jettison more units after agreeing to cut costs by $1 billion to end a six-month battle with billionaire investor Carl Icahn.
Johnson Controls Inc. is eliminating about 300 jobs at its operations in Holland. The company said that it is cutting administrative, managerial, engineering and technical personnel at its technical center and support staff at its manufacturing sites. Johnson Controls said the cuts will improve efficiency and lower costs within its interiors business.
Agere Systems Inc. will lay off 102 workers by June 4 according to recently posted notices under the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act. Seventy-four positions will be cut at 1110 American Parkway, the company's newest facility and headquarters in Hanover Township, Lehigh County. Another 28 will lose their jobs at 555 Union Boulevard in Allentown. They were listed as management positions, including contributing member technical staff, distinguished field application engineer, director, information technology principal, members of the technical staff, management associate and technical manager.
Ingram Micro Inc. announced a new in-house, full-service channel marketing communications agency - Channel Marketing Services. Targeted at U.S. manufacturers and fast-growth solution providers, the new agency offers clients a complete lineup of channel-centric advertising, marketing and PR agency services. Featured services include Technology Manufacturer Services: Channel Messaging and Marketing Strategies; Integrated Channel Marketing Campaigns; Direct Marketing and Lead Generation; Channel Friendly Sales Collateral and Advertising; Channel PR. Solution Provider Services: End-User IT Marketing Campaigns and Collateral; Direct Marketing and Lead Generation; Field Marketing Support Representatives and Training; Agency Express(TM) Online Marketing Portal.
Microsoft Corp. started operations in Moldova as part of plans to expand in southeastern Europe. It added that Microsoft would target close cooperation with the Moldovan government, state institutions and the business environment in a bid to create a strong local software industry, which will decrease the share of pirate software in Moldovan market. Microsoft branch network now includes all countries in southeastern Europe. In February, the company opened a branch in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Amcast Industrial Corp. announced it will shut down its Fremont and Gas City plants, idling 500 workers. The company announced that it failed to obtain concessions with respect to its contract with GM, which led to the decision. The statement also said that workers have been given 60-day notice.
Fastenal Co. reported earnings results of the first quarter ended March 31, 2006. Net sales for the three-month period ended March 31, 2006 totaled $431,703,000 an increase of 22.0% over net sales of $353,809,000 in the first quarter of 2005. Net earnings increased in the first quarter from $37,031,000 in 2005 to $47,854,000 in 2006, an increase of 29.2%. Basic and diluted earnings per share increased from $0.24 to $0.32 for the comparable periods, an increase of 33.3%.During the first three months of 2006, Fastenal opened 73 new store sites (Fastenal opened 74 news sites in the first quarter of 2005). These 73 new sites represent 4.2% additional stores since December 31, 2005. The company expect to open approximately 228 to 316 new stores in 2006.
International Rectifier has announced that it is exploring the potential sale of all the company's Non-Focus Products business, including both its Non-Aligned Products and Commodity Products segments. Non-Focus Products comprised 23 percent of company revenues in the most recently reported quarter. These products are not considered to be aligned with the company's long-term objectives or do not meet its gross margin and revenue growth targets. Goldman, Sachs & Co. has been retained to advise the company on a possible sale. The company has previously announced plans to de-emphasize its commodity business and accelerate the transition to high-performance analog, mixed-signal, and digital ICs and advanced-circuit products. These products are currently included in the company's Focus Products group, which was 77 percent of revenues in the most recently reported quarter, with gross margins of 48 percent.
AK Steel Holding Corp. announced that its board of directors had approved a capital investment of $14 million for the second phase of a project to increase production capacity for high quality, grain-oriented electrical sheet steels. The expansion project is aimed at helping AK Steel meet strong market demand for electrical steel products. The newly approved capital funds will be used to upgrade existing production equipment at the company's Butler (PA) plant to increase electrical steel production, projects which are expected to be completed early in 2007. The first phase of the expansion project, already underway, included investments for equipment upgrades at AK Steel's Butler, Pennsylvania and Zanesville, Ohio plants, and the introduction of innovative new operating practices. These phase-one projects are scheduled to be completed by the end of 2006. The completion of the first two project phases will increase AK Steel's total annual grain-oriented electrical steel production by about 50,000 tons, or 20%, to more than 300,000 tons per year.
American Eagle Outfitters Inc. anticipates opening between 45 and 50 stores this year and remodeling 50 to 55 stores. American Eagle this fall plans to launch its Martin + Osa sportswear line of clothing for adults ages 25 to 40, as well as a line of intimate apparel for young men and women.
Movie Gallery Inc. announced that Mark D. Moreland, Senior Vice President and Treasurer, has been appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer in addition to his current responsibilities. The appointment follows the resignation of Timothy R. Price, the company's Chief Financial Officer, for personal reasons. The company also announced that it has consolidated a number of job functions-Mark Bo Loyd, Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer, is now responsible for product across all brands, replacing Silvio Piccini. Jeff Klemp, Senior Director of Supply Chain, has been appointed to Senior Vice President of Logistics and Distribution replacing Joe Intile. Timothy Winner, Senior Vice President of Store Operations of the Hollywood Entertainment division has been promoted to Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Chief Operating Officer of the Hollywood Entertainment division and is now responsible for all Hollywood Video and Game Crazy store operations and marketing activities, replacing Larry Plotnick.     The company also announced that in addition to these changes, several other management and administrative positions have been eliminated. The company plans to reduce salaried and administrative office staff by approximately 17%, or by 300 positions, by December 31, 2006.
Workers at a Kraft Foods plant that produces cottage cheese and sour cream learned that half of them will be losing their jobs over the course of the coming year. Kraft announced it will close its plant in Visalia that employs 160 people and consolidate production into the company's newer, larger plant in Tulare.
Raytheon Company Plans for its new 140,000 square-foot, three-story facility in Huntsville's Cummings Research Park. The new building is being constructed on 20 acres at the corner of Old Madison Pike and Jan Davis Way, with planned occupancy by early 2007. The design architect for the new facility is Fuqua and Partners of Huntsville, and Turner Universal in Huntsville will construct the building. The new Raytheon-owned facility will accommodate 500 people and will consist of engineering, management, business development and customer support space. Raytheon's facilities in Huntsville are managed by Raytheon IDS.
General Electric Co. plans to expand its infrastructure business into areas such as airports and toll-road development as part of the USconglomerate's new focus on organic growth. The company has provided debt and equity funding for small-scale airport projects in North America, but plans to expand its presence in other areas such as power generation. It plans to support airport purchases and expansion projects, mainly in emerging markets. The strength of the global air travel market is fuelling airport investment in fast-growing markets such as India and China, where GE has a strong industry presence through its aero-engine business and Gecas, the world's largest aircraft leasing company by fleet size.
Bemis Co. Inc. announced that its Peoria plant will close at the end of June 2006, leaving 241 employees without jobs. The company is closing the plant to reduce maintenance costs on the aging building and take advantage of modern capacity at other locations.
Kopin Corp. announced that Kopin and Aixtron AG have completed a new multi-year purchase and supply agreement for Aixtron AG's latest high-volume MOCVD (metal organic chemical vapor deposition) systems. Kopin's investment in additional capacity is being driven by increasing demand for HBT wafers. The first two systems will be installed in Taunton, Mass. and are scheduled to produce HBT wafers for customers this year as part of Kopin's capacity expansion plan. The plan also includes increased utilization of existing systems at Kopin's two manufacturing sites in Taunton, Mass., and KTC in Hsinchu, Taiwan. The objective is to increase Kopin's HBT capacity by 50% in two years.
Choicepoint Inc. announced the April 4 launch of Bridger Insight XG, a new Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) and USA PATRIOT Act compliance solution. Bridger Insight XG will be available to more than 4,000 existing Bridger Insight clients and other businesses across the banking and finance, insurance, securities, mortgage, automotive, gaming and public sectors. Bridger Insight XG will reduce manual workload and streamline compliance workflow across an organization using new technologies designed to greatly simplify customer screening and due diligence processes. Through new automated compliance workflow and case management tools, Bridger Insight XG can help users realize significant cost savings and greatly reduce false positive hits.
Ford Motor Co. announced plans to close a Norfolk, Va., assembly plant with 2,433 workers. The closing, expected to happen by 2008, also will affect 400 employees in the region who work at affiliated auto parts facilities, according to a statement by the United Auto Workers Local 919.
Ford Motor Co. announced that it will close the Ranger plant in 2008. The move marks the end of Ford's 81-year history in the city, puts the plant's 1,900 employees out of work and pushes them into an extended period of uncertainty. Beyond confirming the closing and providing the broad 2008 time frame, Ford had few details of how the 1,750 production jobs and 135 white-collar jobs will be phased out. The company also announced that it's closing a plant in Norfolk, Va., that makes F-150 pickups. That plant employs 2,400 people.
Bare Escentuals Inc. will file for an initial public offering in a few weeks, at the same time also setting off an auction for the company, according to sources. The company has hired Goldman, Sachs & Co. to lead the IPO. But once it files for the offering, the company and its private equity backers — Berkshire Partners of Boston and JH Partners LLC of San Francisco — will open discussions with interested buyers, sources said. Companies such as L'Oréal SA and Estée Lauder Cos. will likely take a look, sources said. But the price will be steep. The IPO could be valued at as much as $700 million to $1 billion, and it's unclear if potential buyers would be willing to pay that much. 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that its palmetto's first supercenter will open May 17, a year after construction began on the store. The outside of the store is complete, and final touches are being made inside. The store also is hiring. Wal-Mart expects to hire about 400 associates for the Palmetto store. The Supercenter will include retail, grocery and liquor stores; a garden center; a Wal-Mart Tire & Lube Express; and a free-standing gas station. It is 206,477 square feet, the norm for most Wal-Mart Supercenters, though they range from 90,000 to 235,000 square feet. This will be Manatee County's fourth Wal-Mart Supercenter.
Honeywell Corp. has opened the Honeywell Technology Solutions Laboratory at the Thiagarajar College of Engineering (TCE), Madurai. Declaring open the new facility, built at a cost of INR 70 million. The company envisages major expansion in the next five years.
Huntsman Corp. announced that it has formed a new strategic business unit dedicated to the enhancement of the Company's Green Chemistry initiatives. Green Chemistry is the design of products and processes that reduce or eliminate the use or generation of hazardous substances.
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. opened the first tire center Premio worth a total of $200,000 in Novosibirk. Besides, in 2006-2008 Goodyear plans to establish tire centers nationwide.
Trans-Lux Corp. reported earnings results for the fourth quarter and for the year ended December 31, 2005. For the quarter, the company reported a net loss of $981,000 or $0.78 per diluted loss per share on a revenue of $13,899,000 against a net loss of $417,000 or $0.33 per diluted loss per share on a revenue of $3,073,000 for the same period a year ago.For the year, the company reported a net loss of $1,793,000 or $1.42 per diluted loss per share on a revenue of $54,368,000 against a net income of $539,000 or $0.43 per diluted loss per share on a revenue of $52,579,000 for the same period a year ago.The Company also expanded its theatre chain in the Mountain states during the year. This included the addition of two new screens in Dillon, Colorado, the purchase of land in Silver City, New Mexico, to build a new multi-plex theatre and the completion of a new 14-plex theatre through its joint venture in Loveland, Colorado. The joint venture recorded an impairment loss in the fourth quarter on the sale of the old theatre building that contributed to the year-end results that reflected a loss.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. aims to open its first shopping mall in south China's Hainan Province. Wal-Mart's partners, Commercial Property Ltd. of Shenzhen International Trust and Investment Co., signed a deal Saturday with the Hainan Provincial Administration of State Farms and Land Reclamation to set up a Wal-Mart shopping mall in Haikou, capital of the island region. It will be the 68th outlet in China for Wal-Mart, which began operating in the country 10 years ago.
SAVVIS Inc. announced that it has completed Phase I of a multi-million dollar investment in technology and capacity expansion for its Content Delivery Network (CDN) service delivery architecture. SAVVIS' global CDN and patented traffic management technology is utilized by customers to optimize the performance of their web-based applications and streaming media. SAVVIS' Content Delivery Services leverage both the SAVVIS IP transport network and service partner networks to provide industry-leading global reach, performance, and reliability. Phase I expansions focus on significant enhancements to SAVVIS' streaming platform and caching network. These include increased capacity on the existing servers and storage, a larger number of supported formats for on-demand and live streaming services and significant speed and performance enhancements resulting from expanded deployment of AMD Opteron(TM) processors.
General Dynamics will eliminate as many as 150 jobs at a plant in Garland, Tex., that makes bodies for bombs dropped by U.S. military aircraft. The jobs to be eliminated by the end of June are equal to as much as 20% of the plant's staff of 750 people.
LSI Industries Inc. announced that it continues to increase its graphics capacity and capabilities and has recently installed one of the graphics industry's most advanced flatbed digital presses at its Graphics Solutions Plus division headquartered in North Canton, Ohio. This press, the Inca Columbia Turbo Digital Press, has higher throughput and quality, is more cost efficient, and will heighten color range output and print on a wider variety of substrates. This is LSI's third press in the Inca Digital Technologies printing line, and makes LSI among the largest fleet operator of advanced flatbed digital presses in North America. LSI Industries intends to continue its capital investment in its graphics division as demand continues to grow, particularly for digital-based printing.
4Kids Entertainment Inc. announced the formation of a new subsidiary, 4sight licensing solutions Inc., to specialize in the marketing and licensing of brands geared primarily to adults, teens and tweens. Headquartered in 4Kids Entertainment's New York offices, 4sight licensing solutions will focus on brand building through targeted licensing and promotional activities. 4sight will take the lead in the branding efforts for existing brands that 4Kids currently represents, such as the Royal Air Force, the American Kennel Club and the Cat Fanciers' Association. Additional brands will be added to the 4sight stable with the ultimate goal of becoming a leader in the licensing and brand building of properties targeting an older demographic than what 4Kids currently specializes in.
Tech Data Corp. introduced its Physical Security Specialized Business Unit (SBU), which supports the latest IP-enabled security products. The Physical Security SBU provides access to dedicated sales representatives, technical resources and security specialists. Its product offering ranges from security monitoring systems and software to IP cameras and digital video recorders. Additionally, resellers can leverage Tech Data's broad product offering and extensive technical expertise to deploy the networking infrastructure and display solutions necessary to support these physical security installations. Tech Data's Networking Division and Technical Services team support a wide range of networking hardware including servers, storage, routers, wireless and security solutions from industry-leading manufacturers. The Physical Security SBU also will work closely with its roster of leading hardware manufacturers and software publishers to develop targeted marketing campaigns and channel programs to help recruit, train and provide authorization assistance to resellers.
Penton Media Inc.'s Windows IT Media has opened a new business unit, content development. The content development unit will provide everything from promotional materials (business value papers, slide presentations, technical white papers, product data sheets, technical reviews); customer education (product documentation, deployment guides, migration guides, operating and administration framework documents, tutorials, custom training/consulting) and field sales support (product data sheets, positioning briefs, case studies, technical white papers) and much more.Directed by Dave Bernard, the content development team will write, design and produce materials for customer education, market introduction programs and field sales support for clients.
Consol Energy Inc. is planning to build a new corporate campus that will bring 476 new, high-paying jobs to Washington County. The new jobs are a variety of professional positions, including miners, supervisors and trainees.
Westlake Chemical Corp. plans to build a $1.5 billion ethylene plant in Trinidad that would help diversify the Caribbean nation's economy. The plant would use 37,500 barrels of ethane a day to produce 628,000 tons of ethylene a year. The 250-acre plant will begin producing ethylene in 2010. Trinidad would have the option of acquiring 30%of the plant. Construction was expected to begin next year.
Adobe Systems Inc. is planning to build new offices near its San Jose, California headquarters after buying a chunk of prime downtown real estate.
Apple Computer Inc. provides earnings guidance for third quarter of fiscal 2006. The company expects revenues to be between $4.2 billion and $4.4 billion, and earnings per share, including an estimated 4 cents per share of stock option expenses, will be about 39 cents to 43 cents.The company also plans to build a second work campus on 50 acres near its Cupertino headquarters.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that Wal-Mart Supercenter in south San Antonio will celebrate its grand opening on April 19. The new south San Antonio Supercenter anchors City-Base Landing Shopping Center, a 63-acre retail project that is part of the area's redevelopment efforts. The store is located at 3302 S.E. Military Drive at the corner of Goliad Road on the northeast corner of Brooks City-Base.
Labor Ready Inc. reported earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2006. The company reported that its revenue for the first quarter ended March 31, 2006 increased 22.1% to $297.1 million compared to revenue of $243.2 million for the first quarter of 2005. Net income for the quarter was $11.5 million or $0.21 per diluted share, as compared to $9.4 million or $0.19 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2005. The company provided earnings guidance for the second quarter of 2006. The company estimated that its revenue in the range of $338 million to $343 million and net income per share between $0.32 and $0.34 for the second quarter of 2006.The company reaffirmed its earnings guidance for the full year of 2006. For the year, the company currently estimates revenue in the range of $1.38 billion to $1.40 billion. Net income per share for the year is expected to be between $1.33 and $1.38. These estimates include incremental stock-based compensation expense of $0.07 per diluted share for the year 2006.The company opened a total of 23 new branches and closed two branches during the quarter and plans to open approximately 20 additional branches in 2006.
Ford Motor Co. said that it expected to take a charge of $2.4 billion this year to shut plants as part of its North American revamping. Ford plans to close 14 manufacturing sites and cut up to 30,000 jobs by 2012 under a plan announced this year. So far, Ford has announced plans to close plants in St. Paul, St. Louis, Atlanta, Norfolk, Va., Batavia, Ohio, Wixom, Mich. and Windsor, Ontario, by the end of 2008.
Tyson Foods Inc. reported that the company's new $80 million beef processing plant expansion in Dakota City. Tyson switched its Dakota City production over from the old space to the new, 84,500-square-foot processing plant on March 8. The site employs 3,600 production workers. About 1,300 were manning the two dozen or so cutting and trimming lines Tuesday, with their ergonomic, adjustable work stations and sparkling-white high-density polypropylene cutting boards and conveyor belts. The new facility makes cleaning more efficient, as well. Tyson Foods hired for its Dakota City plant about 250 workers from the employees who lost their jobs when the company closed facilities in Norfolk and West Point, Neb., earlier this year. Dakota City's attrition rate of 25 to 30% per year created the openings, even though the new plant requires fewer workers. Tyson said about 650 people, or 40% of those who lost their jobs, found new jobs at various other Tyson plants, including poultry and pork plants. The company said it employs 3,800 people in Dakota City and has an annual payroll in Nebraska of $110 million.
Paxar Corp. announced that more than 100 workers will be laid off by the end of the year from their jobs at a Caldwell County plant. The company employs about 532 people in Lenoir and 112 layoffs are expected. Paxar last fall had announced plans to move much of its domestic apparel-related production overseas in the next two years.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. wants to build a SuperCenter in Suisun City at the intersection of Highway 12 and Walters Road. Construction of such a store originally was being pursued for the city's Gentry project at Highway 12 and Pennsylvania Avenue, but it was announced at the beginning of the month that Wal-Mart had abandoned plans to anchor that 721,000-square foot retail project.
Office Depot Inc. will eliminate approximately 100 call center jobs in Boca Raton. Call center workers can apply for 100 jobs being created at Office Depot's Delray Beach headquarters. Another 100 new sales jobs are in the pipeline. Revamping call center operations, though, has been on the company's radar for two years, well before cost-cutting CEO Steve Odland came on board. The 100 call center jobs will be phased out by summer.
Walter Industries Inc. is closing a plant in Milton that makes valves and hydrants, cutting 158 jobs. Walter announced that valve production from its Mueller Water Products plant will be transferred to a factory in Chattanooga, Tenn., while hydrant production will be transferred to a plant in Albertsville, Ala. The Milton plant is scheduled to close by the end of July.
Dow Chemical Co. plans to invest INR 50,000 million to set up a facility at the petrochemicals complex being set up by Reliance Petroleum in the Jamnagar special economic zone.
Workers at General Motors Corporation's assembly plant in suburban Moraine have voted to ratify a new contract that could help the plant secure production of a new generation of sport utility vehicle. The contract ratification is a significant step toward getting Moraine a new SUV. The plant's future was put into question in February when GM said the workers would have to become more competitive in producing vehicles or compete with other GM plants for new vehicles after 2008. Voting updates a contract set to expire on Oct. 15, 2007. According to the agreement, workers will not get a planned September wage increase averaging 38 cents per hour, retirees will begin contributing to the cost of their health insurance and GM will be allowed to change work rules. The company also announced that it plans to cut 1,150 jobs by eliminating the third shift at Moraine in mid-July because of slumping demand. The company in November said it wants to cut 30,000 U.S. hourly workers and close 12 facilities by 2008. The Moraine plant is not on that list.
Weyerhaeuser Co.'s copier paper business could be up for sale, Deutsche Bank analyst Mark Wilde said in report. "We think (Weyerhaeuser) is working on a white paper deal," Wilde said in a weekly paper note. Wilde last month suggested that International Paper Co., which is undergoing a large restructuring aimed at focusing on packaging and uncoated freesheet, or copier, paper, might be interested in buying Weyerhaeuser's operations. Weyerhaeuser is in the midst of its own revamping, shutting mills and consolidating its wood products business, in response to high energy costs and sluggish demand. 
Avon Products Inc. announced that it will fire 1,300 workers by the end of the year and record $70 million in charges in the first quarter in connection with its previously announced restructuring.
Exide Technologies announced that it will close a Shreveport, La. lead-acid battery manufacturing plant and lay off about 200 workers, shifting production to other facilities. The factory makes car batteries for Ford Motor Co. and other customers. George S. Jones Jr., executive vice president of human resources at Exide, announced that some members of the plant's management may be offered jobs at other company locations but the rest of the workers will be laid off.
Lockheed Martin's Center for Innovation, announced the Center's new Command and Control (C2) laboratory, which will play a major role in the UQ06 war-game. The Center's new C2 laboratory provides a flexible, 6,000-square-foot facility that can be specifically tailored to support the needs of the customer to develop and explore networked architectures, display systems, processes and organizations that enable effective command and control, and interagency collaboration and coordination. The laboratory can support a wide range of customers, including internal Lockheed Martin lines of business, the Department of Defense, as well as other local, state and federal agencies. The Center for Innovation opened its doors in April 2005 with the mission of exploring the power of net-centric solutions. Since then, it has conducted major experiments, supported 148 Lockheed Martin programs, and there is a backlog of experiments scheduled into 2007.
Praxair Inc. is constructing a hydrogen storage facility to enable peak shaving, which will be the first of its kind in the industrial gases industry. Located in Liberty County, Texas, the facility will utilize an underground storage cavern. The peak-shaving system will be integrated with Praxair's hydrogen pipeline network which serves customers from Texas City, Texas, to Lake Charles, Louisiana. It will significantly increase the on-demand availability of hydrogen for Praxair's customers during periods of peak demand. This new facility further demonstrates commitment to be the supplier of choice by refineries and other customers in the Gulf Coast area. The Gulf Coast pipeline network will then be able to supply 700 million cubic feet per day of hydrogen on a steady state basis, with peaking capacity of 800 million cubic feet per day. Praxair supplies refining customers with a complete portfolio of large-volume industrial gases, cylinder gases and specialized services.
Rent-A-Center Inc. announced earning results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2006. The Company reported total revenues for the quarter ended March 31, 2006 of $607.0 million, a $5.2 million increase from $601.8 million for the same period in the prior year. This increase of 0.9% in revenues were primarily driven by a 1.8% increase in same store sales plus an increase in incremental revenues generated in new and acquired stores, offset by an overall lower average store base as a result of the Company's previously announced store restructuring plan substantially completed in 2005 as well as stores closed due to hurricane damage. Net earnings for the quarter ended March 31, 2006 were $40.3 million or $0.57 per diluted share, representing an increase of 1.8% from the $0.56 per diluted share, or net earnings of $42.7 million for the same period in the prior year, when excluding the litigation reversion credit. The increase in net earnings per diluted share is primarily attributable to the increase in same store sales as well as the reduction in the number of the Company's outstanding shares offset by increases in normal operating costs, such as utility and fuel costs, and expenses related to stock options. When including the litigation reversion credit discussed below, net earnings per diluted share for the quarter decreased 9.5% from the $0.63 per diluted share, or reported net earnings of $47.7 million for the same period in the prior year.The company provides earnings guidance for the second quarter and full year of 2006. The company expects total revenues to be in the range of $578 million to $586 million. Store rental and fee revenues are expected to be between $523 million and $529 million. Total store revenues are expected to be in the range of $569 million to $577 million. Same store sales are expected to be in the flat to 1.0% range. Diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $0.50 to $0.54.For the full year 2006, the company expects total revenues to be in the range of $2.338 billion and $2.368 billion. Store rental and fee revenues are expected to be between $2.085 billion and $2.110 billion. Total store revenues are expected to be in the range of $2.302 billion and $2.332 billion. Same store sales are expected to be approximately 1%. Diluted earnings per share are estimated to be in the range of $2.00 to $2.10.In second quarter, the company expects to open 5-15 new rent-to-own store locations and the company expects to add financial services to 30-40 rent-to-own store locations. In 2006, the company expects to open 60-80 new store locations. The Company expects to add financial services to 100-160 rent-to-own store locations.
MGM Mirage announced that it will open a hotel and casino alongside Foxwoods Resort Casino, an unusual partnership that will bring one of the world's largest gaming corporations onto an Indian reservation that's already home to one of the world's most successful casinos. The deal announced is part of a $700 million Foxwoods expansion that's already under way. The new hotel and casino will be called the MGM Grand but will be operated by Foxwoods employees. The agreement gives Foxwoods an experienced partner as it tries to expand its convention and entertainment business and attract more minorities. Foxwoods will have access to MGM's database of more than 22 million customers and will use MGM's partnerships with other companies to help attract new restaurants and top-tier entertainers to eastern Connecticut. Las Vegas-based MGM Mirage owns and operates 24 casinos in Nevada, Mississippi and Michigan. Its Las Vegas properties include the MGM Grand, the Bellagio and Mirage hotels.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. intends to open Aleppo Sheraton Hotel and Towers project in August. Starwood's hotel portfolio included owned, leased, managed and franchised hotels totaling 733 hotels with approximately 231,000 rooms in 80 countries. The hotel will be Syria's first international hotel and it hopes to capture some of the estimated 2 billion in tourism dollars spent in Syria in 2005.
Boeing Co. has opened an Exploration Launch Systems office in Huntsville, Ala., to support the NASA Marshall Space Flight Center's Constellation program and the human space transportation elements. Jim Chilton has been assigned as acting program manager for Boeing Exploration Launch Systems and leader of the Huntsville office. Previously, Chilton led the company's Check-out, Assembly and Payload Processing Services contract at The Kennedy Space Center, Fla.
Walgreens Pharmacy announced that it would open more than 20 on-site health clinics in Kansas City and St. Louis this summer. The drugstore chain said it plans to partner with Take Care Health Systems to open 10 in-store clinics in the Kansas City area and another 10 in the St. Louis vicinity and would team with InterFit Health's RediClinics and Pinnacle Health System on similar launches in additional markets later this year. Part of a rapid-fire trend in retail healthcare, the health clinics offer diagnosis and treatment of routine medical conditions, as well as diagnostic tests and vaccinations.
Carbo Ceramics Inc. reported earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2006. For the quarter, the company reported net income of $13.0 million, or $0.53 per diluted share, on revenues of $74.3 million. Revenues increased 21% while net income increased 12% compared with the first quarter of 2005. The increase in revenues compared with last year's first quarter was attributable to record proppant sales volume, an increase in the average selling price of the company's ceramic proppants and a 21% increase in revenues from Pinnacle Technologies Inc., the company's fracture and reservoir diagnostics business. For the first quarter of 2005, the company reported net income of $11,594,000 or $0.48 diluted earnings per share on revenues of $61,168,000.The company's Board of Directors has approved the construction of a second production line at this facility. Construction of the second production line is expected to cost approximately $54 million and the Company anticipates its completion in the third quarter of 2007. The second production line is expected to have an installed cost less than the first production line due to the investment in infrastructure made during the initial construction project. The new production line is expected to have annual capacity of 250 million pounds, bringing the Toomsboro facility's total capacity to 500 million pounds per year.
Globecomm Systems Inc. announced an expansion of its Broadcast Lab, a test facility for leading-edge video applications established in 2001, to integrate test capabilities for the many technologies involved in the delivery of IPTV. Focusing on IPTV delivery networks that incorporate a little bit of satellite, the Broadcast Lab is installing equipment from Omnibase, Entone, Terayon, Myrio and other leading suppliers. The expansion equips Globecomm to conduct research and development, both for customers and for its own products and services, in areas that include MPEG-4, standardizing headend systems, integrating video-on-demand capability into regional headends and adapting advertising insertion systems for operation with IPTV content streams.
WW Grainger Inc. announced that it is opening two more local distribution centers, bringing its total in Philadelphia region to 12. The local centers, about 25,000 square feet, distribute 30,000 of the 100,000 individual products listed in the Grainger catalogue. The first new center will open by early summer at 215 Keystone Drive, Montgomeryville, said Mike Hade, regional vice president for branch services. The second, to open next year, will be at a site not yet selected near the Schuylkill Expressway in the western suburbs.
Harrah's Entertainment Inc. announced plans for a $485 million renovation and expansion of its Horseshoe Casino in Hammond, Ind. Pending receipt of required regulatory approvals, Harrah's plans to build a two-level entertainment vessel, featuring a 108,000-square-foot casino on the first level -- more than double the size of the Horseshoe's existing casino. The second level of the vessel will include a 2,500-seat multi-purpose theater and a spectacular buffet that will carry on the Horseshoe's reputation of offering exceptional, abundant dining experiences.
Iomega Corp. announced a restructuring plan to reduce costs. The restructuring plan includes a workforce reduction of approximately 75 employees. Additionally, 13 positions have already been eliminated since the beginning of the year for a total workforce reduction of about 30%. The Company anticipates these actions along with other business changes will result in annual cost savings of $20 million to $25 million as compared to first quarter 2006 annualized run rates, when fully implemented by the end of the third quarter. Approximately 85% of the cost reductions are expected to be in operating expenses, with the remainder in fixed overhead. The cost reductions include the workforce reduction, consolidation of facilities and other spending reductions. The restructuring and other associated charges, expected to range between $3 million to $4 million, are anticipated to be recorded in the second and third quarters.
Unisys Corp. laid off 81 workers at its Roseville engineering facility on April 25, 2006. The cuts are 9% of the Roseville workforce. The reductions were part of a cost-cutting plan announced last fall, including a reduction of worldwide workforce by about 10%, or 3,600 workers.
CACI International Inc. will listen to any interested buyers even though it isn't seeking to merge with a larger company, Chief Executive J.P. London said on a Thursday April 27 conference call. "Should there be overtures, CACI will be receptive," London said. "CACI, although not for sale, is also trying to build shareholder value." CACI late Wednesday reported earnings of $21.4 million, or 69 cents a share, for its fiscal third quarter ended March 31, compared with $20.3 million, or 66 cents a share, a year earlier. For the full year, CACI expects earnings of $2.74 to $2.79 a share on revenue of $1.75 billion to $1.77 billion. 
Teradata Corporation hopes to open up the market for managed services and has created a global consulting centre (GCC) in India at Powai, to offer its professional consulting services. The company announced that globally enterprises are taking to new approaches to manage their data and increasingly opting to focus on their core competencies while outsourcing their data management issue.
Ford Motor Co. announced that it has stopped production at seven plants, idling about 15,000 workers, after a problem was discovered with a part for engine transmissions. The problem was identified in a testing of a clutch mechanism in a four-speed, rear-wheel-drive automatic transmission, and the company sent night shift workers home three hours early April 27, 2006. Day shift and afternoon workers were told to stay home on April 28, 2006, and it was unclear when production would resume.
Tyson Foods Inc. will close about a dozen beef and pork plants. Tyson chose to shut down production at 10 beef and pork plants because of factors such as market conditions that permit scheduling changes and the potential shortage of workers.
Invacare Corp. announced that one hundred more employees lost their jobs in the first quarter, including 75 in Elyria. Pressured by falling Medicare reimbursements and competition from less expensive Asian products, Invacare last year announced a long-range plan to cut costs. The company cut 300 jobs worldwide and closed four distribution centers in the second half of 2005. In February, Invacare amended the plan, saying it would cut 600 more jobs - 225 of those at its Taylor Street wheelchair plant in Elyria - and end manufacturing at several locations worldwide by 2008. The company hopes to save $30 million a year, while taking charges of $42 million, to restructure in the next two years.
Kellogg Co. which owns Keebler, announced last March it would close Macon's plant by April, putting about 400 people out of work. Production at the plant has ended, although a few employees remain. The last 400 workers at the 340,000-square-foot facility on Mead Road in Allied Industrial Park represented about half the Keebler work force in Macon 10 years ago. The plant's phased shutdown occurred gradually during the past 13 months.
MCI Inc. will close its call center in Springfield, eliminating nearly 400 jobs at one of the area's top 40 employers, as it shuts down call centers in four states. MCI is also closing call centers in Sergeant Bluff, Iowa; Greenville, S.C.; and Austin, Texas, at a total loss of 1,661 jobs. The centers, which provided MCI customer support and telemarketing to sell MCI services, will be closed by June 30, 2006.
About 65 workers at the Maytag Corp. washer and dryer factory in Newton, Iowa, were laid off. It was the second round of layoffs in two months. About 50 workers were laid off Feb. 24. The reduction leaves a workforce of about 950 people, the lowest level at Newton in nearly 60 years. The plant's workforce was 2,600 in 2001. Whirlpool said the layoffs were the result of market demand for the machines made at Newton. United Auto Workers Local 997, said the layoffs had been planned before Whirlpool completed its purchase of Maytag in March.
Parker-Hannifin Corp. will close its Sarasota gear pump plant by March 2007 and lay off most of its 119 employees. Any layoff disrupts lives, but this one may be relatively painless because Sarasota County currently enjoys one of the lowest jobless rates in the state. Some employees will be offered transfers to another Parker plant in North Carolina, where the business will be consolidated. The hydraulic gear pumps made in Sarasota are used in heavy construction equipment. Assuming those numbers came in at the minimums, that would put the number of jobs lost at about 94.
RadioShack Corp. will close two stores in the Fresno-Clovis area by 2006 summer. RadioShack stores at Sierra Vista mall in Clovis and 4838 N. Blackstone Ave., just south of Shaw Avenue in Fresno, will close by August 2006. The closures are part of a plan to close 480 lower profitable stores across the country.
Wynn Resorts Ltd. announced its newest expansion, Encore, on the site of the original Desert Inn. The resort will be erected adjacent to Wynn Las Vegas on the north side of the property and is scheduled for completion in December 2008. Encore will be developed and will mark the second full-scale hotel to occupy a portion of the company's 240-acre assembly of real estate in Las Vegas. The expansion of the resort will be fully integrated with neighboring Wynn Las Vegas, containing all the usual elements that complete a resort experience; including additional rooms, convention and meeting space, more casino space, restaurants, nightclubs, spa and salon, retail outlets and swimming pools.
Verizon Communications Inc. announced that it will close four call centers in South Carolina and three other states, eliminating more than 1,600 jobs, as it focuses on broadband, wireless and contracts with large business and the federal government. The call centers to be closed by June 30 are in Greenville; Sergeant Bluff, near Sioux City, Iowa; Springfield, Mo.; and Austin, Texas. In South Carolina, 180 jobs will be eliminated.
Thermo Electron Corp. announced that it will close a plant and distribution center in Milford, Mass., and fire 100 workers. Most of the plant's operations will be moved to Asheville, N.C. The closing and restructuring will cost about $8 million. The job cuts represent less than 1% of Thermo's workforce of 11,500.
Hewlett-Packard Co. has significantly expanded its Middle East presence with the opening of a new office on Knowledge Oasis Muscat (KOM). This move is the latest in KOM's ongoing efforts to attract and support fast-paced, high growth technology companies, from multinationals to start-ups.The new office, which is now operational, is being headed by Mr. Divesh Loomba. Mr. Loomba is a key appointment and the new office on KOM will undoubtedly provide HP with enhanced market opportunities.
Corning Inc. announced that its board of directors recently approved a capital expenditure plan of $174 million to further expand its Generation 8 size liquid crystal display glass substrates manufacturing capacity at its facility in Shizuoka, Japan. The company had previously announced that it will ship samples of its Gen 8 size LCD glass (2160 mm x 2400 mm) from this facility in the second quarter. Corning expects to begin Gen 8 commercial shipments in the third quarter, with this new capacity continuing to come on line through late 2007.The company announced that it recently signed a supply agreement making Corning the majority glass substrate supplier for Sharp Corporation's Gen 8 fab in Mie Prefecture, which is currently under construction and expected to open later 2006. Sharp's new Gen 8 factory will be focused on LCD TVs that are 40 inches and larger. Corning's new investment will add Gen 8 glass capacity to meet Sharp's future supply requirements.
EarthLink Inc. announced the expansion of its Small to Medium Enterprise (SME) unit to meet the growing demand for a suite of high-speed services that deliver broader coverage to small and medium sized businesses. The newly named unit, EarthLink Business Solutions(SM), will take advantage of the company's recent acquisition of New Edge Networks which builds upon EarthLink's five years of experience providing dial-up, high-speed access, and Web hosting services to small to medium sized business customers. New Edge Networks builds and manages networks for businesses and communication providers nationwide. With New Edge Networks, EarthLink Business Solutions(SM) customers will have access to the largest broadband footprint in the country. They will gain a wide distribution network that includes major carriers; wholesale, direct and indirect reseller partners; agents, value-added resellers, system integrators and referral dealers. New Edge's presence will also enable EarthLink's retail and channel partners to sell business access nationwide. As part of its expansion, EarthLink Business Solutions(SM) is introducing an enhanced web hosting Value-Added-Reseller program (VAR), enabling resellers to receive discounts of up to 60% off the regular rate, depending on volume. Domain registration would be free to value-added resellers who maintain a customer base of at least 50 accounts.
Sun Microsystems Inc. has opened its first academic laboratory at the King Hussein Foundation's Jubilee School in Jordan. Jubilee School will be the first educational establishment below higher educational level to be home to a Sun Academy. The Sun Microsystems laboratories, which are set to open throughout Jordan and the rest of the Middle East, are designed to teach the intricacies of technology, and fully support the development of a new generation of Arab ICT professionals.
Steelcase Inc. announced the launch of Nurture(TM) by Steelcase, a new organization focused on the healthcare environment. Nurture by Steelcase concentrates on space and environments and how products within those environments can help make them more comfortable, more efficient and more conducive to the healing process. Nurture brings a holistic viewpoint to healthcare environments and works with doctors, nurses and other healthcare professionals to gain valuable insight into environments that promote healing. Nurture partners with architects, designers and organizations such as Planetree and The Center for Health Care Design's Pebble Project to research and develop the best possible healthcare environment solutions. Nurture solutions focus on making the healthcare experience better for three key groups: patients, caregivers and carepartners. Each has its own distinct needs within the healthcare environment, ranging from workflow and productivity issues to concerns about safety and privacy. Nurture solutions, while designed to improve the healthcare experience for end users, are optimized to address the wide-ranging needs of facility managers, health care administrators and the architecture and design community.
NTL HOLDINGS Inc. announced that it is expected to announce about 6,000 job cuts following its merger with Telewest. This week it will give investors details of its plans for the merged group along with its first-quarter results. The job cuts follow 2,000 at Orange as it integrates the Wanadoo business, and another 2,300 at ICI. Many of the job cuts are understood to come from outsourcing agreements with suppliers, such as technology engineers and technical support. NTL declined to comment on Sunday.
Sara Lee Corp. will close an aging luncheon meat plant this fall, eliminating 350 jobs. Production will move to other food and drink plants. About 100 jobs will be added to the 400 at a plant in Claryville, Ky. A specific closing date wasn't announced for the 78-year-old E. Kahn's and Sons plant. The brand dates back to 1883 and was acquired by Sara Lee in 1966. The plant made deli meats under several brands, including Kahn's, Hillshire Farms and Sara Lee. The jobs being cut include 300 represented by the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, and 50 nonproduction and engineering workers.
Brink's Home Security Inc. announced that it has created another division, Brink's Business Security, to focus on commercial customers. The division will utilize new technology and processes that help reduce loss and simplify operations for businesses. The new master control panel utilized by Brink's Business Security is uniquely designed and can monitor 96 zones at one time. The system offers new back-up radio communications if the primary phone line is inoperable. In addition, its keypad is user friendly and designed to store as many as 91 employee codes. Company managers can even program access codes on-site. Business owners can also select the option of monitoring video or live footage of their property over a secure Internet connection. Brink's Business Security uses high-resolution cameras and digital video recorders that store video continuously.
Georgia Pacific Corp. plans to eliminate as many as 395 jobs or more than one-third of the work force at its Port Hudson paper mill. The salaried workers will be laid off by May 12, 2006. About 70 maintenance workers will be laid off at the same time or a little later. Layoffs of production workers will take a little longer because some people with more seniority may have to be trained to do different jobs.
Johnson Controls Inc. announced that it will permanently lay off 115 third-shift employees at the company's West Carrollton plant on June 30. The announcement Tuesday came as part of the 60-day advance notice required by federal law of companies planning mass layoffs or plant closings. The company gave a 60-day notice to cut by June 30, 1,100 employees as part of the company's plan to eliminate the sport utility vehicle assembly plant's third shift. The company in late February initially set layoffs at 1,150 for July 17. The plant's total work force is about 4,100 people.
Borland Software Corp. announced that it will cut its workforce by around 300 employees, representing about 20% of its regular full-time staff. The company said the majority of staff reductions will come from the reorganization of its international operations. Borland, said the job cuts in conjunction with plans for geographic consolidation and the divestiture of its Developer Tools Group will yield annualized cost savings of around $60 million.
McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurants Inc. reported earnings results for the first quarter ended April 1, 2006. For the quarter, the company reported revenues increased 18.6% to $71.6 million from $60.4 million in the first quarter of 2005. The growth in revenues is attributable to a 4.1% increase in comparable restaurant sales and additional revenues from restaurants not in the comparable base. The 4.1% increase in comparable restaurant sales was primarily the result of increased guest counts. Net income was $2.3 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, compared to net income of $1.6 million, or $0.12 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2005.The company provides earnings guidance for the second quarter of 2006. For the quarter, the company expects revenues to be between $76.0 million and $77.0 million and a comparable restaurant sales increase between 2% and 3%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be between $0.23 and $0.24. This range includes the estimated impact of SFAS 123R ($0.01 to $0.02 per diluted share). The company raised earnings guidance for the year 2006. For the year, the company now expects revenues to be between $305 million and $309 million and a comparable restaurant sales increase of approximately 2% to 3%. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be between $0.86 and $0.90. This range includes the estimated impact of SFAS 123R ($0.05 to $0.06 per diluted share). The Company intends to open one new restaurant late in the second quarter of 2006 in Washington D.C. The Company expects pre-opening expenses to be approximately $0.7 million in the second quarter, including the majority of the pre-opening expenses for the Company's fourth new restaurant of 2006, which it expects to open in the first two weeks of the third quarter. The Company intends to open eight restaurants in fiscal year 2006.
Procter & Gamble Co. is strategically sorting through its brand assets and may sell some small parts of its business during the current quarter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive A.G. Lafley said during a conference call on May 3. Procter & Gamble posted a 37 percent jump in fiscal third quarter profit earlier on May 3, driven largely by the company's October acquisition of Gillette Co. But sales in the recent quarter and the company's profit forecast for the current quarter fell short of Wall Street's targets and P&G's shares slipped 4 percent in early trading.
Microsoft Corp. plans to double the amount of money it spends on research and development in its online business, investing as much in the segment as any of its big rivals and focusing on providing software as a service. The company plans to spend $1.1 billion on new products and initiatives related to its online activities like MSN in the coming fiscal year that starts July 1, 2006. The figure is double what the company spent in the segment in fiscal 2005. The company anticipates its capital spending will rise to $500 million in the coming fiscal year, from $100 million in fiscal 2005. To unveil Microsoft's new adCenter online-advertising effort, the company emphasized the importance of creating a platform for new types of advertising and content. With adCenter, which now serves all of the paid search traffic on Microsoft's online properties in the United States, the company ultimately seeks to provide advertisers one place to buy search, contextual or display ads across its online properties. It had been testing adCenter with some 6,000 advertisers.
Cabela's Inc. reported earnings results for the first quarter ended April 1, 2006. For the first quarter, the company reported net income of $9,083,000 or $0.14 per diluted share on total revenue of $404,805,000 against net income of $7,767,000 or $0.12 per diluted share on total revenue of $350,589,000 for the same period ended April 2, 2005.     During the first quarter of fiscal 2006, direct revenue decreased 0.8% to $228.9 million, primarily due to less intensive promotions in the quarter. Total retail revenue for the quarter increased 49.6% to $145.3 million, and same store sales decreased 0.3%. The Company's Owatonna, Minnesota store was impacted in the first quarter by the Company's new store in Rogers, Minnesota. Financial services revenue increased 38.9% to $28.5 million for the first quarter of fiscal 2006. During the quarter, the company announced two additional new stores; Adairsville, Georgia and Montreal, Quebec. In fiscal 2006, the company expect to open a total of four stores, bringing store total to eighteen at year end.
Lockheed Martin Corp. has opened a new site in Clearfield, in support of the Defense Logistics Agency's Integrated Prime Vendor Program. The 4,500-square-foot facility is located inside the Pioneer Adult Rehabilitation Center and will employ about 31 full-time staff. Lockheed Martin will provide support to the U.S. Air Force.
Wild Oats Markets Inc. reported earnings results for the first quarter ended April 1, 2006. Net sales for the quarter increased 7.3% to $298.4 million, from $278.1 million in the first quarter of 2005. The first quarter 2006 sales increase was largely due to same store sales that were in line with Company expectations, and the addition of six new stores and one relocated store since the end of last year's first quarter, which more than offset the closure of two stores in February 2006. The Company reported a 4.1% increase in comparable store sales and ended the quarter with 2.56 million total square feet. Net income for the first quarter of 2006 was $2.9 million, or $0.10 per share, compared to a net loss of $1.2 million or $0.04 per share in last year's first quarter. This improvement was primarily due to a 170-basis-point increase in gross margin compared to last year's first quarter. Net income in the first quarter of 2006 was adversely affected by several items totaling $1.7 million pre-tax, or $0.06 per share. Included were restructuring charges for lease-related liabilities, as well as asset impairment charges, severance payments and accelerated depreciation for the closure or relocation of facilities. Net income in the first quarter of 2005 was adversely affected by similar items totaling $3.1 million pre-tax, or $0.11 per share.The company reaffirmed earnings guidance for the full year 2006. The Company's full year earnings guidance remains at between $0.34 and $0.40 per share. The Company's Adjusted EBITDA guidance for 2006 remains unchanged at $49.0 million to $51.0 million.The Company expects capital spending to be between $55.0 million and $60.0 million for the full year 2006 as it plans to open a total of 10 new stores throughout the year.
Lawson Software Inc. may lose about 25 employees from its 800-person work force in downtown St. Paul over the next few months as the business applications maker begins integrating Swedish software vendor Intentia International AB. Debes added the combined company expects to grow and is hiring sales people in the United States and Europe. St. Paul-based Lawson bought Intentia in a $480 million stock deal, and said it had officially become one company. Lawson will eliminate about 50 jobs total in North and South America. Another 100 will be cut in Europe. It employs 3,500 people.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. announced that the Food and Drug Administration has approved a supplemental biologics license application for the licensure of Lonza Biologics Inc., a third-party manufacturing facility. The facility will support increased production capacity for Orencia, enabling the company to meet long-term demand.
Brinker International Inc. has signed franchise and development commitments with two new partners, Shoot the Moon and Bighorn Associates. These agreements will accelerate the company's growth in the Northwest U.S. and establish the first Chili's Grill & Bar and Romano's Macaroni Grill restaurants in the state of Montana. Through the agreement, Bighorn Associates will significantly increase Chili's brand penetration in Wyoming. Bighorn purchased one corporate-owned restaurant in Cheyenne, Wyo. and committed to develop four more Chili's locations in the surrounding area.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. began construction on a 203,000-square-foot store in Pflugerville. The $10 million supercenter, which should open in early spring 2007, will bring about 400 jobs and is expected to generate in excess of $500,000 in city sales tax revenue, a 25% increase. The store will be bounded to the east by FM 685 and the south by Pfennig Lane, across from the Pflugerville Justice Center. In the deal, the store on U.S. 290 will add about 40,000 square feet, building a grocery section over part of its parking lot.
The Daily Deal reported that Bally Total Fitness Holding Corp. has turned to Deutsche Bank AG to provide ready-made debt financing in Bally's auction, sources close to the bank and company said, not J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Blackstone Group LP, the banks running the sale of the fitness chain. Deutsche is offering about $700 million in financing, sources said, made up of senior bank debt and subordinated debt. J.P. Morgan started contacting strategic and financial buyers in early March about Bally, and a number of confidentiality agreements have been signed, according to shareholders following the auction. British private equity company BC Partners, which is in talks to buy Town Sports International Holdings Inc., the parent of New York Sports Clubs, could bid for Bally, keeping key fitness centers and spinning off other assets. BC Partners already owns U.K. chain Fitness First. Life Time Fitness Inc., owner of megahealth clubs with swimming pools, basketball and racquet courts, child care centers and spas, is also seen as a potential acquirer. Other possible bidders include buyout shop Forstmann Little & Co., which bought 24 Hour Fitness Worldwide Inc. for $1.6 billion in May, real estate developer Related Cos. LP and Wattles Capital Management LLC, the hedge fund run by former Hollywood Entertainment Corp. CEO Mark Wattles. The names of Wellspring Capital Management LLC, TRT Holdings Inc. and Brunswick Corp. have also surfaced.
DuPont announced that it will invest $25.5 million at its Chesterfield County plant to expand production of a protective material used in building construction. Del.-based company is adding production capacity for its Tyvek HomeWrap product. The expansion will create 50 jobs. The schedule for the expansion and hiring was not disclosed, and a company spokesman could not be reached for comment. DuPont employed 2,900 people locally as of Jan. 1.
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. announced that it plans to cut 60 jobs from IVAX's manufacturing plant on NW 176th S. The planned firings will happen between July 5 and the end of the year.
Lockheed Martin Corp. announced that it has officially open a new 31,000 square foot campus adjacent Honolulu Airport. The new facility, atop Phase II of the Airport Industrial Park (AIPA), will provide a centralized location that will promote the execution and expansion of Lockheed Martin operations in Hawaii while bringing together various elements of the government contractor's business areas onto a single campus facility. Until now, Lockheed Martin maintained a large office in Kailua and operated smaller enterprises across Oahu, Kauai, and Maui, mostly providing on site program support to customers. The new Lockheed Martin AIPA facility contains offices, high tech labs, and conference rooms, providing a collaborative environment for the corporation's businesses in Hawaii.
Sprint Nextel Corp. cut hundreds of jobs. In addition to previously reported plans for 4,500 job cuts throughout the company, the company disclosed that it had eliminated an additional 350 jobs in the network and customer-service units of its local phone division. The 350 cuts were in addition to 75 jobs eliminated in January from the company's North Supply unit based in Gardner. It was unclear how many of the 350 cuts were in the Kansas City area. The 4,500 job cuts and the closing of more than 100 retail stores are part of Sprint's efforts to produce cost savings and other benefits after joining with Nextel Communications Inc. last year.
International Paper Co. announced that it plans to invest up to $200 million to modernize equipment at its mill in Georgetown. The upgrade is part of the company's plan to focus on manufacturing uncoated paper and packaging products. The capital investment over the next five years is to upgrade and modernize the equipment.
General Motors Corporation is considering plans to cut nearly 1,000 jobs at Vauxhalls Ellesmere Port plant on Merseyside in what would be another body blow to British industry.
Chipmaker Intel Corp. could be gearing up to sell or take its flash memory business public, said American Technology analyst Doug Freedman. In a research report on May 8, Freedman, who raised his investment rating on shares of Intel to buy from hold, said the company recently separated its NOR flash production from its main Intel operations, "likely signaling the IPO or sale of the business." 
United Parcel Service Inc. announced an expansion project at its air package hub in Rockford, Ill., that will increase sorting capacity by almost 50%. The project was approved after close consultation with the state of Illinois and the city of Rockford. While the project will not expand the hub building at the Chicago / Rockford International Airport, the interior will be outfitted with additional sorting equipment to increase its sorting capability from 82,000 packages per hour to 121,000 packages per hour, in turn creating a need for additional workers. UPS now has scheduled the $25 million project to begin later this month. The state has offered job creation tax credits as part of an existing agreement, while the city of Rockford has tentatively agreed to help defray the cost of constructing a new parking lot at the Chicago / Rockford International Airport to accommodate the additional employees. The expansion project, to be completed by November before this year's holiday shipping season, should create 100 new jobs within the next two years and a total of 200 new jobs within the next three years. Currently, UPS employs 1,450 people in Rockford.
Iron Mountain Inc. has expanded its Government Services group to better address the unique needs of its public sector customers in federal, state, local and international governments worldwide. Iron Mountain offers its government clients a comprehensive set of information protection and storage solutions. These solutions help government agencies improve service to citizens; control and reduce costs; increase staff productivity; support compliance requirements; and reduce the risk of data loss, theft, and operational interruptions.As part of the expansion, the Company appointed Jeff Johnson as senior vice president and general manager for the government-focused business unit, with new headquarters located in Dulles, Virginia. As the senior vice president and general manager for the Government Services business unit, Johnson brings more than 20 years of outsourcing expertise from leadership roles at EDS, Accenture and VeriSign. Previously, Johnson held the role of senior vice president of Iron Mountain's Intellectual Property Management business unit, where he was responsible for leading the business unit worldwide.
Compuware Corp. announced that it has opened an office in Wellington. The company announced that the office was a strategic move designed to increase its presence and support capabilities in New Zealand. Compuware had previously handled all New Zealand support from an office in Sydney.
Kerr-McGee Corp.'s board of directors approved $170 million of additional capital for its 2006 program for onshore drilling and infrastructure expansions. The move will allow the Oklahoma City-based oil and gas company to increase the number of rigs operating in eastern Utah and northeastern Colorado, as well as maintain its current operations in the south Texas and Gulf Coast areas. The approved capital provides $60 million for drilling activities in eastern Utah's Uinta Basin, which is expected to increase the number of gross wells drilled in 2006 from 220 to 275.
Pitney Bowes Inc. has announced its plans for the sale of its Capital Services external financing business. The company's Board of Directors approved the pursuit of a sale of the business in its entirety. They have also approved the pursuit of a settlement of all outstanding tax issues currently in dispute with the Internal Revenue Service, most of which are related to the Capital Services external financing business. The Chairman and CEO of Pitney Bowes, Michael J. Critelli, said that these actions were consistent with the company’s intent to exit a non-core business in a way that maximizes shareholder value, removes uncertainties with respect to the company’s future tax obligations, and hones its focus on its core businesses.
NTL Inc. (NTL HOLDINGS INC) announced that it plans to cut more than a third of its work force following its acquisition of rival Telewest Global. The company, which also purchased Richard Branson's Virgin Mobile Holdings PLC last month, announced that it will reduce its 17,000-strong work force by 6,000 by the end of next year. The company announced a number of jobs will be transferred under outsourcing agreements, including 1,500 to IBM.
Hershey Co. announced a significant expansion of its health and nutrition initiative to meet increasing consumer demands for healthier products. Additionally, the company announced the most recent results of ongoing studies at Yale University, linking the consumption of hot cocoa to improved cardiovascular function. As part of its increasing efforts in the area of healthier snacking, the company announced the establishment of the Hershey Center for Health and Nutrition. The Center will direct cutting-edge scientific research to develop products and technologies providing consumers with health benefits in the areas of heart health, weight management, and mental and physical energy. The Center will build upon the science, clinical studies and research work already underway at The Hershey Company.
Air Products & Chemicals Inc. announced that it is entering the Personal Care Specialty Ingredients industry as part of its overall Performance Materials growth platform strategy. The company will focus initially on Personal Care Specialty Ingredients for skin care, hair care, and color cosmetics. Air Products will make its Personal Care Specialty Ingredients debut May 16-17 at the New York Suppliers Day hosted by the New York Society of Cosmetic Chemists held at the New Jersey Convention and Exposition Center in Edison, N.J.
Heinz (HJ Heinz Co.)announced that it is moving production of the iconic British brand HP Sauce abroad with the loss of 125 jobs. Heinz said that the HP Foods plant at Aston, Birmingham, is likely to shut by March 2007. The Aston plant has housed a manufacturing facility since 1875.
d Ctrip.com, China's largest online travel service, has entered into an agreement with Google which will upgrade the former's search power for hotel information in China. soon be able to find electronic maps and other related information about 3,000 tourist hotels across China.
Whirlpool Corp. announced that it will eliminate 4,500 jobs by closing three plants and consolidating corporate offices and other sites following its purchase of rival appliance maker Maytag Corp. The moves come less than six weeks after Whirlpool completed its acquisition of Maytag, extending its lead as the nation's biggest appliance maker with brands that include Whirlpool, Maytag, KitchenAid, Jenn-Air and Amana, among others. The cuts represent about 5.6% of company's current work force of about 80,000 employees. But the company said it will add about 1,500 jobs, many at two Ohio plants, reducing the net loss of jobs to 3,000 positions, or 3.8% of its work force. The Benton Harbor-based appliance maker plans to close washer and dryer plants in Newton, Iowa; Herrin, Ill.; and Searcy, Ark. Laundry manufacturing sites in Clyde, Ohio, and Marion, Ohio, will absorb the production. The factory in Herrin, Ill., which employs about 1,000 people, will continue production until the end of this year, as will the plant in Searcy, Ark., which has about 700 workers. The Newton, Iowa, factory, which employs 1,000 workers, will continue production into 2007. The 4,500 positions to be cut include 1,800 salaried jobs, but several hundred people at the affected offices will be offered posts at other Whirlpool locations. Whirlpool said it will cost an estimated $135 million to $145 million for severance payments or relocation expenses for administrative employees under the consolidation.
Verizon Communications Inc. has said that it is considering a sale of some of its traditional phone lines, a move that could help it concentrate on its wireless and high-speed Internet businesses. The Wall Street Journal's Web site earlier reported Verizon was eyeing two deals that could fetch as much as $8 billion. One deal, involving packages of access lines in three U.S. states, Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine, could be valued at $2 billion to $3 billion, the report said, citing unnamed sources. Another deal involving lines in Indiana, Illinois, Ohio and Michigan could be valued at $4 billion to $5 billion, the report said. Verizon spokesman Peter Thonis said, however, that such sales were not definite. "We are evaluating the sale of telephone access lines in both those areas but no decisions have been made," he said. He declined to comment on the value of possible deals.
Ingram Micro Inc. announced that it is expanding its operations by entering the structured cabling market, under a business unit called IT Business Alliance, local news portal Infochannel reported. Under the terms of this alliance, Ingram Micro México is working with cabling providers such as 3M, Avaya, CPI and Tripp Lite. Through the new unit, Ingram aims to solve the commercial and technical needs of SMEs, which represent 80% of Mexico's corporate segment, and are the largest client base for Ingram's distribution channel. For the near future, Ingram Micro México is also planning to expand its portfolio of hardware and services, adding solutions for network monitoring and IP-based CCTV security systems. As part of the structured cabling unit, the company is searching for 5-10 new distributors per city, which will receive training and financial and leasing options for them and for their clients.
Manpower Inc. opened a branch in Quilmes, in the metropolitan area of the Argentine capital Buenos Aires. The new office cost ARS 80,000 ( $26,300 / €20,700), it is equipped with the latest technologies and will help the company improve the administration and co-ordination of its branches in La Plata, Lomas de Zamora and Avellaneda.
Micrus Endovascular Corp. announced that it has received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance to market its Watusi(TM) guidewire platform in the United States. This product line received CE Mark clearances in March 2006 and is currently marketed in the European Union. Micrus intends to begin selling this product through its domestic direct sales force immediately.
A candle-making factory that sells its products worldwide has been put up for sale, reported Andrew Daniels. Bosses at Colony Candles confirmed that the Lindal-based factory, near Ulverston, was on the market but moved quickly to allay fears about job losses by stating that it would be business as usual. Staff was given the news on May 8 that American owner Blyth Incorporated is selling off all its European home fragrance and candle companies. Despite being up for sale, bosses at the company hope the move will serve them well in the years ahead. "We are up for sale as a going concern," said head of human resources Rachel Rogers. "We don't know how long that process will take and we have communicated it to the workforce so they understand where we are at. "We hope it will be a positive move for us going into the future." 
Wendy's International Inc. announced that the company expects to open 120 to 145 Wendy's stores in 2006, down from its previous plans for 160 to 185 openings. Overall, Wendy's reduced its planned store openings, including its Tim Hortons, Baja Fresh and Cafe Express chains, to a range of 305 to 355 stores from the 345 to 395 projected in its 2005 annual report.
General Motors Corporation plans to close its Drayton Plains auto parts packaging plant, cutting 450 jobs, as part of its previously announced efforts to turn around its North American operations. The plant, located north of Detroit in Oakland County, is among 12 facilities GM plans to close by 2008. Plant workers may transfer to another plant or take an early retirement buyout. Last year, GM announced plans to close the 12 facilities and cut 30,000 jobs. But until Friday it hadn't announced one of the three service and parts operations facilities that were to be closed as part of the plan.
Synutra International Inc. has put in service a new facility that nearly doubles the Company's total annual milk drying capacity to about 32,000 metric tons (£70 million /lbs) to meet increasing demand in the booming Chinese market. The new Chabei #3 Plant is the first of two new milk-drying plants management has planned to bring into production. Commissioning of an additional tower dryer plant, with a similar capacity, will be completed in Junchuan in northeastern China by the end of 2007. This will become another strategic manufacturing base for Synutra in the near future. In addition to acquiring new spray-drying capabilities, over the next 12 to 18 months Synutra will also expand its dry-mixing capacities in Qingdao. The new tower dryer at Chabei #3 Plant has a throughput of 2,000 kg per hour, or 14,000 metric tons per year. Leading European suppliers developed this state-of-the-art full service spray-drying facility, with key equipment and controls designed and fabricated in Europe. This new plant is capable of raw milk receiving, slurry mixing and preparation with skim milk, whey protein, various lipids and premixes, evaporation, pasteurization, drying, agglomeration, commercial packaging, as well as full CIP (cleaning-in-place) process. Additionally, Chabei's process line is uniquely designed for inline addition of DHA and ARA and other thermal sensitive ingredients, to minimize nutrients loss due to thermal processing.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced the opening of six Wal-Mart Supercenters across the state on May 17. The stores are located near Cincinnati (Forest Park and Fairfield Township), Springfield, Bowling Green and Upper Sandusky. They bring 1,480 new jobs to the state, a boon for local suppliers and a combined total of $160,948 to local civic and charitable organizations in the communities where the stores are located. Three of the stores are new facilities, and three are expanded or relocated stores. The three new Supercenters will employ approximately 975 associates, and the three expansion and relocation stores will add 505 associates. More than 6,500 people applied for jobs at the six stores.
ShowTickets.com announced its newest kiosk locations at The Grand Canal Shops at the Venetian, the Boulevard Mall and the Meadows Mall. The new locations have opened and offer travelers personal assistance when choosing activities at some of the Entertainment Capital of the World's hottest venues, including shows, tours, events, nightclub passes and other Las Vegas attractions. In addition to these new locations, visitors to Las Vegas can obtain tickets for the city's most popular shows and tours at other ShowTickets.com-branded booth locations, including the Forum Shops, McCarran International Airport, the Stratosphere, Aladdin's Desert Passage shopping center, the Sahara, and the Flamingo.
Dot Hill Systems Corp. announced the opening of its new state-of-the-art technical training center designed to offer comprehensive experiential learning in all technical aspects of Dot Hill products. The facility, located onsite at Dot Hill's new company headquarters, will offer customized instructor-led training programs to meet the needs of both current and prospective OEM customers. OEM customers can also use the center to sponsor training sessions for their VARs and other channel partners. The center will also be used to train Dot Hill personnel who sell and support the company's products in the field. The lab includes more than 32 terabytes worth of Dot Hill storage products, supported by 10 servers. Additionally, the lab is outfitted with a broad spectrum of competitive products, so participants can compare offerings and see the benefits and competitive advantages of Dot Hill products first-hand. The facility is staffed by senior trainers James Shin and Bill Osborn who have a combined 20 years industry experience.
Science Applications International Corp. announced the opening of a new facility in Dumfries, Va., outside the Marine Corps Base, Quantico. The 17,000 square- foot facility, which includes large conference rooms and laboratories, will support SAIC's Marine Corps customers in the area. In celebration of the opening, Tom Baybrook, SAIC senior vice president and general manager of the Naval and Maritime Solutions Business Unit, led a ribbon-cutting ceremony and reception on the morning of May 15, 2006. Operations at the new facility will include technical support services for the company's growing customer base at Quantico, which includes Marine Corps System Command, Marine Corps Combat Development Command and the Office of Naval Research. Employees at the new site will also support the Marine Recruiting Command (MRC) Training and Education Command, Marine Corps Warfighting Laboratory, the Marine Corps Military Working Dogs Program and Marine Corps Operational Test and Evaluation Activity.
EW Scripps Co. announced that it would cease all operations of its Shop At Home television and online retail business it acquired nearly four years ago, due to ongoing losses and the lack of a buyer. Shop At Home has 660 full-time workers, who will receive severance packages from Scripps.
Microsoft Corp. opened office in Armenia. The company decided to open office in Armenia as the country has the has high quality engineering and scientific potential.
Georgia Pacific Corp. announced that it intends to make significant, strategic investments to further strengthen the company's commitment to being the leading supplier of premium paper towel and bath tissue products. As the next steps in its long-term investment strategy, the company said it is currently in planning stages to install two tissue paper machines using through-air-dried (TAD) technology. The two machines would increase the company's production of premium products by some 180,000 tons per year. The company's premium brands include Brawny(R) paper towels and Quilted Northern(R) bath tissue. The first installation, with startup scheduled for 2007, will be located at one of the company's existing mill locations to service customer and consumer needs in the western United States. The second machine will be strategically located the following year at one of the company's mills to serve the southern and southeastern U.S. Installation of related converting equipment also will be part of the planned upgrades. Total cost for installation of the machines and converting equipment is not being released.
Fairchild Semiconductor announced the addition of three analog development teams, with approximately 25 individuals, to bolster its power analog business. These teams bring an aggregate 479 years of analog experience to Fairchild and will focus on developing next generation analog IC solutions for both DC to DC and AC to DC power management applications. The three teams are located in Silicon Valley, North Carolina and New Hampshire - their members holding numerous patents and having been widely published. Fairchild's analog products include: uSerDes(TM) serializer/deserializer solutions featuring low power and EMI for small display applications like cell phones; Integrated video filter drivers; Analog switch products for handset and computing applications.
Merrimac Industries Inc.'s chief executive on May 16th left until late next month the company's response to an activist investor who called this week for the sale of Merrimac Industries. In a conference call about first-quarter earnings late on May 16th, Merrimac Chairman and Chief Executive Mason N. Carter said in response to a question that that he would leave the issue to be discussed at the company's annual shareholder meeting scheduled for June 22. New York investment adviser Neuberger Berman LLC, a 5.1% stakeholder, on May 15th expressed concerns in letter disclosed in a Securities and Exchange filing about the Merrimac Industries' failure to provide adequate returns to stockholders. The investment firm urged the company to pursue a sale or other business combination with another entity. Neuberger Berman's request followed a similar one from Merrimac's second- largest shareholder last year.  
Sears Holdings Corporation announced that it will open two new Sears Grand stores in the Salt Lake City area. The stores located in American Fork and West Valley City - feature a broad assortment of private and national brands in a warm, inviting and easy-to-shop format.
Gateway Inc. has selected Nashville, Tenn. as the site for a manufacturing facility that is scheduled to open by October 2006. First-year employment in the facility is expected to grow to more than 300 people with an annual payroll of about $8 million. The Nashville facility will allow the company to enhance its responsiveness to customer demands in the Business, Education, Government and Consumer market segments. The new plant will assemble configure-to-order (CTO) desktops, notebooks, servers and storage arrays according to customer specifications, as well as provide custom integration and software imaging services. The presence of available space in Nashville, together with leveraging the infrastructure of one of Gateway's existing suppliers, which will own a minority interest in the operation, is expected to allow for an efficient and timely start up of the facility.
UPS Inc. announced a $1 billion expansion at its main air hub that will add more than 5,000 jobs as it anticipates strong growth in global commerce. The project will add 1.1 million square feet to the company's vast sorting complex known as UPS Worldport. The computerized sorting system installed four years ago will feature 197 miles of conveyors once the expansion is finished by 2010. The expansion will help meet customer demands for more speed, more reach and more capacity.
Georgia-Pacific LLC announced that it plans to install machines that produce bath-tissue paper at two unnamed mill locations in the United States. Together, the two new machines the company plans to bring online over the next two years would increase its production of premium bath tissue by about 180,000 tons per year. The company announced that the new tissue-paper machines serving the western states would start up in 2007. The other machine would come online a year later.
NCO Group Inc. has announced that its Board of Directors has formed a Special Committee of independent directors in connection with the previously announced proposal received by the Board of Directors on May 15, 2006 from Michael J. Barrist, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, to acquire all of the outstanding shares of the Company for $27.50 per share in cash. The Special Committee of independent directors has been authorized to consider the proposal, as well as any other proposed transactions to acquire all or a substantial portion of the Company's stock or assets that may hereafter arise. The Special Committee has retained Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC as its financial advisor and Bass, Berry & Sims PLC as its legal counsel. Blank Rome LLP will represent the Company. There can be no assurance that any agreement will be executed or that any transaction will be approved or consummated.
Nucor Corp. announced that it plans to build a plant in the western U.S. to produce metal building systems and components. The plant will employ more than 200 people and is expected to cost about $27 million. The plant will have an annual capacity of about 45,000 tons of metal. Nucor said it expects to begin construction after regulatory approvals, resolution of a site location and other hurdles. The company already has building systems plants in Indiana, South Carolina and Texas that have a combined annual capacity of more than 145,000 tons.
Apple Computer Inc. will open its newest and most extraordinary retail store yet on New York's Fifth Avenue on May 19 at 6:00 p.m. EDT. The Apple Store(R) Fifth Avenue is Apple's most architecturally innovative store, featuring a distinctive 32-foot glass cube that creates a stunning new destination on Fifth Avenue, one of the world's most popular shopping areas. The Apple Store Fifth Avenue will be open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, to offer an unprecedented level of service. The new store will feature a combined 45-foot Genius Bar, iPod Bar and The Studio where customers can get face-to-face support, free advice and work on creative projects at any hour of the day or night. At the Apple Store Fifth Avenue, knowledgeable salespeople are available to help customers learn about all the latest products from Apple including the newly designed MacBook(TM) most advanced consumer notebook featuring Intel Core Duo processors, as well as 15- and 17-inch MacBook Pros and Apple's full line of desktop computers and iPods.
Pepsi Bottling Group Inc. announced the opening of new sales and distribution warehouse at 1644 Rock Mountain Boulevard, Stone Mountain. New warehouse will serve customers in the eastern portion of the Atlanta metropolitan area. It will employ approximately one hundred people, most of whom will be transferred from the company's Chattahoochee Avenue facility in Atlanta. The entire Pepsi-Cola portfolio of beverages will be distributed from the Stone Mountain warehouse including but not limited to: Pepsi-Cola, Diet Pepsi, Sierra Mist, Mountain Dew, Aquafina bottled water, Dole 100% juices, Tropicana juice drinks, Lipton Iced Teas, MUG Root Beer, SoBe fruit drinks and teas, Starbucks Frappuccino and Starbucks Doubleshot. The warehouse will also distribute Sunkist and Dr Pepper.
Coach Inc. announced that it has struck a deal to open or expand up to 35 Coach stores in malls owned by General Growth Properties Inc. starting this fall. The agreement with General Growth calls for opening about 25 new Coach stores and expanding or renewing an additional 10 locations over a two-year period.
Western Digital Inc. stock rose Friday May 19 after Bear Stearns said the maker of hard drives could be an acquisition candidate. Shares of the Lake Forest, Calif.-based company rose $2.43, or 13 percent, to close at $21.70 Friday on the New York Stock Exchange. In a research report issued Friday, Bear Stearns analyst Andrew Neff said Western Digital is the next logical acquisition candidate in the following the closing of the $2 billion all-stock acquisition of Maxtor Corp. by Seagate Technology.
Kraft Foods Inc. plans to shut its Rupert ID cheese plant at the end of 2006, which means layoffs for about 140 employees. Production of the firm’s cream and string cheese will be transferred to plants in Missouri, New York, and Wisconsin. Workers at Rupert will receive separation benefits, including severance pay based on time of service, company-paid benefits for six months after the final day of work, and outplacement benefits.
TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. inaugurated its new plant in the western Romanian city of Timisoara.The company started operations in Timisoara in April 2004 with the production of leather covers for steering wheels, and the company expanded its activity by launching the production of airbags, polyurethane or injection-moulded rims and casted steering wheels. Among the company's main clients are Daimler Chrysler, Volkswagen, BMW and Renault.
Motorola Inc. and Wannado City announced plans for Motorola to open an innovation-oriented venue within the Wannado City theme park outside Fort Lauderdale, America's first indoor role-playing theme park for kids. The Motorola M-Lab will allow children to experience a high-tech environment while exposing them to careers in science, technology and innovation. The venue is designed for children ages 8-12, although children up to age 14 are welcome to experience the M-Lab. It simulates a high-tech innovation laboratory, in which each child plays the role of an M-Ventor(TM), part of an elite group of young inventors tasked with solving difficult problems using an interactive video game while working as a team.
Inverness Medical Innovations Inc. announced that on May 16, 2006, as part of an ongoing review of its worldwide operations for the purpose of improving efficiency, lowering operating costs and improving margins, it committed to a plan to cease operations at its Applied Biotech Inc. and Scandinavian Micro Biodevices ApS subsidiaries, and to write off certain excess manufacturing equipment at other impacted facilities. The Company made its final determination to implement the restructuring after completing its acquisition last week of a newly-constructed manufacturing facility in Hangzhou, China from ACON Laboratories Inc. and certain of its affiliates. The ABI shutdown and the closure of SMB were announced on May 22, 2006, and are expected to be completed during the first quarter of 2007.
Gap Inc. announced plans to launch a new online footwear business through its e-commerce division, Gap Inc. Direct, featuring leading fashion brands for women, men and children. The new business is expected to go online in time for the 2006 holiday season with a broad assortment of footwear offerings from designer to casual brands.
Lockheed Martin Corp. has increased its local footprint 12% so far this year, gobbling up commercial real estate in Northern Virginia and Maryland to accommodate its growing technology business. The company leased and owns 7 million square feet of office space in the Washington region, compared with 6.3 million square feet last year. That is up from 5.4 million square feet in 2003. The centerpiece of Lockheed's recent growth is an office building in Chantilly near the National Reconnaissance Office to be known as Stonegate II. The 145,000-square-foot office building, which will open next year, includes a 220-seat auditorium and a cafeteria. The building, which will open next year, is in the same complex as Stonegate I, which Lockheed opened in 2000 and which also does classified work. The company also has an option to lease what would be Stonegate III nearby but has not made any decisions.
Getty Images, Inc. has said that its board of directors has approved an increase to its share repurchase program of $100 million, bringing the total of the approved plan to $250 million. As a result of the increase in the share repurchase program, the Company has decided to sell certain short-term investments that are in loss positions that it had previously intended to hold. Selling these investments will result in a non-recurring, pre-tax charge of approximately $4 million in the second quarter of 2006.
WW Grainger Inc. announced that it is expanding its presence in metro Detroit. The company opened a 24,000-square-foot store in Auburn Hills and plans to open a new location in the western suburbs within a year. The company is also increasing its local inventory and adding jobs to support the company's operations.The company also announced plans to relocate its Troy facility to a larger, more convenient location nearby.
CBS Corp. has said that it will consider selling radio stations in ten smaller markets, including Austin, Texas; Buffalo, New York; and Cincinnati. CBS said it may also sell stations in Columbus, Ohio; Fresno, California; Greensboro-Winston/Salem, North Carolina; Kansas City; Memphis, Tennessee; Rochester, New York; and San Antonio. The radio division has 179 stations delivering news, alternative rock, and country music, it said.
ConocoPhillips announced that it wants to invest more than $2 billion in the Wilhelmshavener Raffinerie Gesellschaft (WRG). The investment will be used to expand the site into the largest and most environmentally friendly refinery in Europe. Conoco wants to use the expanded facility to refine oil from the North Sea to be delivered to its domestic and European markets.
Procter & Gamble Co. announced that it plans to close one of two former Gillette plants in Devens by 2006 end and eliminate at least 100 jobs. Production of packaging for razors and other hygiene products made at Devens will be transferred to a P&G plant in Greensboro, N.C. P&G also announced that it will reduce the size of Gillette's warehouse and distribution facility in Devens, about 35 miles northwest of Boston, and transfer operations to Greensboro, affecting an unspecified number of jobs. The cuts are part of larger campaign that Cincinnati-based P&G announced earlier this year to shut down about half of its distribution operations worldwide and consolidate them. The job cuts in Devens are in addition to an estimated 5,000 positions that P&G has said it expects to eventually eliminate from the combined work force of about 140,000 created when P&G closed on its $53 billion acquisition of Boston-based Gillette on Oct. 1. The company reported that the Devens cuts represent the first closure of a Gillette factory in Massachusetts since P&G acquired Gillette's line of consumer products, including Mach 3 and Fusion razors and Duracell batteries.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. is looking to sell more hotels, capitalizing on a booming real estate market. "We expect to sell some substantial real estate as we go forward...," Starwood CEO Steven Heyer told attendees at a media event in New York. Last month Starwood agreed to sell 35 hotels to Host Hotels & Resorts Inc.
Avon Products Inc. announced that it will lay off more than 900 employees as part of its restructuring program. The move is part of an ongoing process to take layers out of the organization.
Dell Inc. said that it would open two mall stores this summer as a test, making them a hybrid of Dell's direct model and a conventional electronics store. Dell's products will be on display, but customers will order a PC, television or printer online from the store. Products will be delivered to the customer as if they had ordered from a PC at home, as most of its customers do. Dell insists that it is not losing confidence in the direct-sales model that has made it the world's biggest seller of PC's. The mall stores are just bigger versions of those kiosks. Dell said it would open two stores this summer, the first in NorthPark Center in Dallas and the other in Palisades Center in West Nyack, N.Y. It plans to display about 36 products, including big-screen TV's and printers as well as desktop PC's and notebook computers, in about 3,000 square feet of floor space.
Gillette Co. announced that it will close a small packaging operation in Devens, eliminating roughly 100 jobs typically filled by temporary workers. The pack to order operation, which caters to retailers that need special packaging or displays for promotional reasons, will be relocated to Greensboro, N.C. The closure, scheduled to be complete by October, is part of an ongoing consolidation effort between Gillette and Procter & Gamble.
The Dow Chemical Co. announced its wholly owned subsidiary, Union Carbide Corp., will invest in new ethyleneamine capacity at the St. Charles Operations site. An existing production plant will expand and a new production plant will be built by mid-2007. The project will create 150 construction jobs on average with as many as 250 contractors working on the project during peak times. The expansion of the manufacturing complex will help Dow meet growing market demand for ethylenediamine and diethylenetriamine - chemicals that help in making numerous everyday products such as paper towels, fabric softener and household cleaners. DETA is also a key ingredient in cationic primers for automobiles and paints that mark highways nationwide.St. Charles Operations is one of the largest manufacturing complexes in the state with more than 2,000 employees and contract workers and 17 production units.
Hansen Natural Corp. could be open to being acquired in the interest of shareholders if the right offer was made, Chief Executive Rodney Sacks said on May 24. Speaking in New York at the Beverage Forum, an industry conference, Sacks also said that the energy drinks category in the United States was not seeing any pricing pressure. "Retailers are in fact taking pricing up and there is no resistance from the consumer," Sacks said. Talking about the offers he has received to being acquired, Sacks said that although he is in no rush he could sell his company to someone making the right bid.
Verizon Communications Inc. plans significant job cuts in its shrinking local-phone business to put more money into faster-growing areas. Verizon had 252,311 employees at the end of the first quarter, with about 140,000 in the local-phone business. The company had 217,000 employees at the end of 2005, before buying MCI Inc.
Teradata Corporation has established an advanced analytics lab specifically for retailers and consumer goods companies where information on the most important facets of their operations can be discovered. The lab also analyzes data captured by radio frequency identification (RFID) applications across the supply chain. The new Retail Advanced Business Analytics & RFID Lab is housed at the Teradata Benchmark Center in Rancho Bernardo, Calif. The lab demonstrates to retailers and consumer goods companies how their data can be used in innovative ways to derive incremental business value. Focal points at the lab include deep analytics, predictive modeling, data mining, and RFID data analysis. Analytical results are presented using data visualization technologies.
SolarWinds.Net Inc. announced the expansion of its headquarters as a result of continued increases in both sales and record earnings. The new facility is more than five times the size of the company's previous facility and is located at 6914 South Yorktown Avenue in Tulsa. The increased space accommodates the growing workforce, which has doubled so far in 2006 and is expected to triple by the end of the year.
Ford Motor Co. has announced that it is investing £100 million ( $187 million) in the expansion of its Bridgend engine plant in Wales. The investment will be mainly put towards the start of production of a high-performance 3.2-litre six-cylinder engine, to be used primarily by Volvo, but which will eventually appear in other vehicles of the Premier Automotive Group (PAG). The compact, straight six-cylinder engine, known as the IS6, will be equipped on Volvo's high-end models such as the S80 and restyled XC90 initially. The new all-alloy, 24-valve, 3.2-litre SI6 engine will be produced on the same assembly line as the Ford V8 engines currently produced at the Welsh plant.
Intel Corp. opened its $40 million (MYR 146 million) design and development (D and D) centre in Kulim, Kedah and pledged to grow its current workforce by 30%. It plans to employ an additional 900 employees at its facility in Kulim Hi-Tech Park this year, bringing its total number of employees to about 3,000. The D & D centre is engaged in designing microprocessors, chipsets and other components for use in Intel's products worldwide.
Level 3 Communications Inc. announced enhancements to the company's capabilities to address customers in key business segments. The company is expanding its recently announced Level 3 Metro Services business unit as well as forming the Level 3 Content Services business unit. The Level 3 Metro Services business unit will combine Level 3's existing metro operations and those of the recently acquired Progress Telecom, with the operations of the pending acquisitions of ICG Communications Inc. and TelCove Inc.
Marriott International Inc. announced that it has plans to build a third hotel in Yuma on 'hotel hill,'. Marriott has a Fairfield Inn and a Springhill Suites hotel nearby. The new hotel, a Marriott TownePlace Suites, will be located at 1776 S. Sunridge Drive between Cracker Barrel and Days Inn. It will be an extended-stay hotel with kitchens, Crist said. The hotel will be four stories with 81 rooms or suites. Also in that area, site work has started on the Wingate Hotel. That three-story hotel will have 76 rooms, Crist said. A portion of Johnson Controls, an automotive-battery manufacturing plant under construction south of Yuma off Arizona Avenue, could be operational soon.
Visteon Corp. has begun producing automotive components at its new manufacturing plant in the Slovak Republic. The company's investment in the Nitra plant was announced in October 2004. The facility manufactures interior and climate control products and gives Visteon a manufacturing base to serve the rapidly expanding automotive market in Slovakia and Eastern Europe. The Nitra plant supplies door panels for PSA Peugeot-Citroën's new Peugeot 207. Later this year, the facility is scheduled to begin producing climate control components for the Kia Accent. The Nitra facility houses state-of-the-art injection molding equipment and is designed for in-sequence production and shipping of door panels to PSA Peugeot-Citroën's assembly plant in Trnava, located 45 kilometers from Nitra. The facility is 13,500 square meters and sits on 80,000 square meters of land. Visteon is preparing for the opening of another manufacturing facility in Slovakia - located in Dubnica. Scheduled to start production in December 2006, it will be a smaller facility designed to deliver climate control components on a just-in-time basis to Kia. Visteon expects to employ up to 400 people in Slovakia when the facilities reach full capacity in 2007.
Hasbro will open 21 more branches across the country, including Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Delhi and Mysore by 2007. The company propose to double turnover in the next year. Featuring `Basics', a casual wear brand and `Genesis', a formal wear brand at its outlets, Hasbro has invested significantly in R&D, which had resulted in product line extensions like caps, belts and a denim range.
Micron Technology Inc. announced that it has been approved by China's Ministry of Commerce to launch an operation in Xi'an, capital city of Shaanxi Province. The ratified Micron semiconductor project is with $250 million total investment and $83.334 million registered capital. Local departments and administrative committee of Xi'an National Hi-tech Industrial Development Zone are doing preparation work for the new company's establishment.
General Motors Corporation will spend $125 million to expand its transmission plant in Washtenaw County's Ypsilanti Township. The investment will add to the factory's capacity to produce six-speed rear- and all-wheel drive automatic transmissions for cars, trucks and sport utility vehicles. It includes new machinery, equipment and tooling to support the new activity. The company will spend an additional $45 million for investment at other locations that will support the expanded Ypsilanti Township operations.
Medidata Solutions announced the expansion of its customer support services through the addition of a new, state-of-the-art data center.The company announced the appointment of Louis Gilbert as vice president of information technology.
Tenet Healthcare Corp. announced that it plans to spend $125 million building a hospital in Fort Mill, S.C. The 100-bed facility will be sited on 40 acres and offer inpatient and outpatient surgery, medical and surgical services, labor and delivery, a critical care unit and an emergency department. Tenet also said the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control approved the company's bid to construct a 140-bed replacement hospital for East Cooper Medical Center, a Tenet facility in Mt. Pleasant, S.C. at an estimated cost of $160 million. Opening is expected in early 2009.
Federal Signal Corp. has said that it is seeking a buyer for the Medicine Hat production facility and related assets, and expects to incur severance and other pre-tax charges of about $5 million to $15 million as a result of the transaction.
Johnson Controls Inc. will cut 500 jobs through closings and outsourcings at two plants and a distribution center in Michigan within the next year. The company will close one plant in Holland, Mich., and outsource some work from a second plant there, and close a distribution center in Zeeland, Mich. The Meadowbrook plant at Holland, which makes overhead consoles and electronics components, is to phase out operations during the next year as its production is moved to other Johnson Controls facilities in North America, including locations in Holland. The Maplewood plant, also in Holland, will outsource its noncore injection molding operations, but will continue manufacturing headliners. The outsourcing will begin immediately to a U.S.-based company. Visor Distribution Center in Zeeland, which distributes sun visors, is to phase out operations over a 12-month period.
Tandy Leather Factory Inc. will open a Tandy Leather retail store in June at 5362 S. 1900 West, in the Roy Marketplace in Roy. It is among 12 planned store openings in 2006 and brings the total number of retail stores to 60.
Sun Microsystems Inc. announced that it will cut between 4,000 and 5,000 jobs over the next six months as part of a company restructuring plan. The company said the moves would result in savings of between $480 million and $500 million annually.
Chevron Corp. announced that it formed a biofuels business unit to advance technology and pursue commercial opportunities related to the production and distribution of ethanol and biodiesel in the United States. The biofuels business unit will operate within Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV), a corporate subsidiary dedicated to identifying, developing and commercializing emerging energy technologies. Chevron will leverage its broad portfolio of existing technological capabilities and assets to the company's efforts in this area. In the United States, Chevron currently blends about 300 million gallons of ethanol per year for use in gasoline blends.
Albemarle Corp. broke ground on a new 10,000 metric tons-per-year capacity hydroprocessing catalyst (HPC) production plant at its Bayport facility in Pasadena, Texas, and set the plant to begin production in the first quarter of 2007. Albemarle first announced the new plant in 2005 as part of a larger capacity-expansion project to meet growing HPC demand. Hydroprocessing catalysts are used in virtually all petroleum refineries around the world and are essential for the production of clean fuels. The company also will add a specialized production line at its Amsterdam site; implement debottlenecking activities at Bayport and Amsterdam; and make additional investments in its laboratories. A third debottlenecking project is being considered for Niihama, as well.
Amazon.com Inc. announced the grand opening of its new Emergency Preparedness Store within its existing Tools & Hardware Store, which offers an extensive collection of over 800,000 tools and accessories. With the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicting a very active 2006 hurricane season, Amazon.com's new Emergency Preparedness Store offers a single shopping destination for tools, communication devices, first aid supplies, safety equipment and more to coincide with the first day of hurricane season. In an effort to assist customers in choosing the appropriate items for emergency kits, Amazon.com offers Emergency Preparedness Checklists for both the preparation for and recovery from natural disasters such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes and power outages. In addition, customers will find resources and recommendations from the American Red Cross, the National Weather Service, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the National Hurricane Center.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. will build a $1.1 billion manufacturing plant at Devens that will create about 550 jobs. Production of packaging for razors and other hygiene products made at Devens will be transferred to a P&G plant in Greensboro, N.C. P&G also said that it will reduce the size of Gillette's warehouse and distribution facility in Devens, about 35 miles northwest of Boston, and transfer operations to Greensboro, affecting an unspecified number of jobs. The Devens plants are located on the site of the military's former Fort Devens on land in the towns of Ayer, Harvard and Shirley.
HJ Heinz Co. facing a proxy fight with shareholder Nelson Peltz, announced cost and trade-spending cuts totaling $500 million over the next two years. The company also said it will add $1 billion to its share-repurchase program and raise its dividend 16.7% to $1.40 a share.
Invitrogen Corp. announced that it has expanded production capabilities of animal-origin free Advanced Granulation Technology (AGT) media on its Grand Island, New York, campus. Under construction for the past year, a new facility has been validated for production of Invitrogen's proprietary media formulation in an animal-origin free environment. Invitrogen invested over $9 million in the facility to transform the 11,000 square feet of existing space on the campus addressing several functions, including production of AGT media for internal research projects, internalization of technology for contract manufacturing capabilities and reduction of manufacturing costs.
Smithfield Foods Inc. announced that it has launched a new business unit that will offer the company's specialty gourmet foods in the growing corporate gifts and incentives market. Smithfieldincentives.com, a division of Smithfield Specialty Foods Group, will offer selections from more than 200 existing gourmet food products, including the company's signature ham and other pork products, beef, fish, poultry, peanuts and specialty nuts, and a line of sweets, desserts and chocolate.
Northwest Airlines Corp. expects to start growing early next year. By early next year, Northwest plans to increase flights for its fleet of Boeing 757s.
L-3 Communications Holdings Inc. announced that it will establish the Homeland Security Group, effective July 24, 2006, to provide oversight, coordination and synergy among the company's Homeland Security-related businesses. The L-3 Homeland Security Group will consist of the company's Security and Detection Systems, SafeView, and CyTerra subsidiaries and other Homeland Security operations. The company also announced that Craig P. Coy will join L-3 Communications as president and chief operating officer of the L-3 Homeland Security Group, reporting to Frank C. Lanza, chairman and chief executive officer of L-3 Communications. In this role, Mr. Coy will oversee L-3's Homeland Security operations and pursuits and coordinate capabilities across L-3's product lines and divisions to address the growing Homeland Security market. Mr. Coy most recently served as the chief executive officer of the Massachusetts Port Authority (Massport), where he oversaw Logan International Airport, the Port of Boston, the Tobin Bridge and Hanscom Field in Bedford.
International Business Machines Corp. is planning a move to the Gold Coast. The company has signed a lease for space in Varsity Central, the emerging business centre at Varsity Lakes. The company has taken space in the technology-focused Silver @ The Exchange building. More than 60% of the building's 5000sqm of commercial space has been leased. The building features state-of-the-art technology, abundant natural light, large informal meeting areas and coffee shop. The technology includes wireless broadband connectivity to provide free voice, data and video connections that extend beyond the leased office space into the building's internal and external common-space meeting areas.
Dell Inc. announced plans to expand its Americas customer-contact operations and increase employment at its Middle Tennessee facilities by up to 1,000 people over the next several quarters. Additionally, Dell announced an expansion of support capabilities to small businesses and consumers with its new DellConnect remote-assistance tool that fixes common technology problems that rob them of computing time and resources.
PPG Industries Inc. announced that three hundred more jobs will be lost by late spring 2007. The cuts will come despite plans to invest $20 million in the 47-year-old fiberglass manufacturing plant and be annexed by Shelby-a move that should save half a million annually in utility costs.
Pinnacle Data Systems Inc. announced an operational improvement plan to upgrade its headquarters facility in Groveport, Ohio, open a warehouse and logistics facility in Groveport, and consolidate its domestic production operations in these facilities. PDSi will invest approximately $400,000 in 2006 to increase and improve its production, warehouse and logistics capabilities in Ohio. Most of the $400,000 investment will be capitalized. As part of this consolidation, PDSi has entered into a multi-year lease for an additional 26,000 square feet of warehouse space approximately two miles from its current facility with an option to expand the new facility to 50,000 square feet as needed.
Costco Wholesale Corp. announced the planned opening of their third Costco Home store in 2007. The company is cautious, taking the plan slow to make sure the home store concept will be profitable three years out.
Walgreen Co. will open its first store in the District at the former site of Blackie's House of Beef. The store will occupy almost all of the nearly 15,000-square-foot location at the busy intersection of 22nd and M streets NW. Across the street is a CVS.
Pall Corp. announced that it will cut 10% of its global workforce. The East Hills company employs about 11,000 people worldwide, including about 750 on Long Island. Pall, which announced the cuts did not specify where they would be made. The company announced that some could be on Long Island, but the vast majority are expected to be elsewhere in North America and Europe.
General Motors Corporation announced plans to spend $48 million to upgrade its Bedford Foundry to produce six-speed automatic transmission cases and converter housings. Renovations to the 915,000-square-foot plant, which employs 770 people, are set to begin in July. No new jobs were expected. Production of rear-wheel drive, six-speed cases already has already increased, and front-wheel drives were expected to be produced later this year. Production for both types is expected to reach full volume by late next year. GM plans to make new six-speed automatic transmission variants for nearly 40 models in 2006 and 2007, including for sport utility vehicles, sedans and trucks. The six-speeds are gaining popularity, as they improve acceleration and fuel efficiency. Most of the investment, partly made possible with local incentives, will go toward more energy-efficient melting furnaces, machinery, equipment and tooling. The Bedford Foundry produces transmission cases and converter housings for GM Powertrain six-speed transmission plants in Ypsilanti and Warren, Mich., and in Toledo, Ohio.
Lockheed Martin Corp. opened a new state-of-the-art laboratory in Farnborough. The new reconfigurable experimentation facility -- called Swift because it will rapidly develop solutions to complex problems -- will help Lockheed Martin and its civil and military customers collaborate to create new solutions to address emerging threats and other operational challenges using network enabled capabilities (NEC). Located in the Farnborough Aerospace Centre, the lab gives Lockheed Martin and its customers an unparalleled ability to run detailed and realistic programme analysis in a network-enabled environment.
TII Network Technologies Inc. announced the formation of the Global Technology Group (GTG), a new division that will develop and produce exterior gateway portal products and other intelligent broadband technology devices for the Telco and Cable markets. Global Technology Group will capitalize on the explosive growth in Triple-Play services -- digital telephone, broadband data, and video over broadband. GTG will work closely with its parent company's engineering, marketing and sales groups to develop leading edge systems and products that position TII and new division in a leadership role in the emerging broadband services markets.
Las Vegas Sands Corp. and Fairmont Raffles Holdings International announced the addition of 1,500 rooms to the Cotai Strip(TM) currently being developed by Las Vegas Sands in the People's Republic of China Special Administrative Region of Macao. The complex will also feature entertainment and casino gaming facilities as well as retail space connected to the neighboring retail area. These facilities will all be owned and operated by Las Vegas Sands Corp. The Cotai Strip is a master planned development of resort and casino properties on Cotai, an area of reclaimed land between the islands of Taipa and Coloane in Macao. Las Vegas Sands has previously announced plans to develop other hotel projects including The Venetian Macao, which is currently under construction, a Four Seasons hotel, Starwood's Sheraton and St. Regis brands, a Shangri-La hotel, a Traders hotel and Hilton hotels.
Intel is planning to sell some of its communications operations as part of a restructuring, The Financial Times reported, citing people close to the situation. In its online edition, the newspaper said Intel is looking to sell loss-making businesses like Xscale and IXP chips for mobile phones, portable devices and network equipment. In April the firm announced a 90-day strategic review of the company's operations to examine in particular loss-making areas of the corporation.
Continental Airlines Inc. announced that it has ordered 34 new airplanes with a list price of $3 billion from Boeing Co. to increase its ability to serve long-haul routes and remove gas-guzzling planes from its fleet. The airline still plans to expand its passenger-carrying capacity 5 to 7% per year. Continental announced that it was ordering 10 more Boeing 787 Dreamliner jets, doubling its previous orders. The airline also ordered 24 more Boeing 737s and will have 213 next-generation 737s when all the planes it has ordered are delivered.The company also announced that the Shareholders approved a change in the company bylaws to allow directors to issue 400 million shares of common stock, up from the current cap of 200 million, all but 78 million of which have been used or earmarked for other purposes. The board said it may need more shares to handle stock-based financing or acquisitions.
Agilysys Inc. announced its customers can now test IT solutions in a controlled, live environment at the new HP Customer Solution Center located at Five Penn Plaza in Midtown Manhattan. Featuring the latest enterprise hardware and software products from HP and manufacturers such as AMD, American Power Conversion (APC), VMware, Oracle and BEA, the new center enables Agilysys to prototype and demonstrate various IT solutions to customers either during a personal visit or via an online virtual demonstration.
General Electric Co. announced that it will invest $75 million to build the photovoltaic power plant, which will cover 60 hectares (150 acres) of rolling hills with solar panels. The panels, which will be raised about two metres off the ground, will produce 11 megawatts of electricity, or enough to supply 8,000 homes. The plant is expected to be ready in January 2007 and will have 52,000 photovoltaic modules.
Home Depot Inc. announced that it will build a 54,000-square-foot store at 500 N. Carrollton Ave., the site of a closed and storm-damaged Winn-Dixie. The company said that the new location will be about half the size of the company's typical 102,000-square foot store. The new store, like most Home Depot sites, will include an outdoor lawn and garden center. The Carrollton store will open September 6, 2006. This is the second new store Home Depot has announced for the metro area in recent months.
Timken Co. announced that it is investing more than $2 million in its Bedford plant, further consolidating its role as a producer of transmission parts. The new section of the plant will add another 43,000 square feet to the existing 90,000 square-foot plant. The building will cost $2 million, which will then be filled with state-of-the-art equipment. Along with securing the 175 existing jobs at the Bedford plant, the expansion will require another 20 new employees. Construction will wrap up in the fall.
Penton Media Inc. announced the implementation of a new branch of services and products, IT Community Research. Windows IT Media holds the dominant position in the Windows IT publishing world, giving ITCR unique access to the current thinking, action, and plans of the world's largest independent IT community. ITCR provides traditional market research services as well as its own innovative, trademarked methodologies.
Shares of L-3 Communications Holdings Inc., a defense-electronics maker, had their biggest gain in almost two years amid speculation the company may be acquired following the death of its co-founder. Demand for New York- based L-3's battlefield communications systems, simulators and maintenance crews may make it an attractive takeover candidate, analysts including J.P. Morgan's Joseph Nadol said. ``Any one of the larger defense companies might want them,'' said Chris Donaghey, an analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey in Atlanta who rates L-3 shares a ``buy'' and doesn't own them. Donaghey named as potential buyers defense contractors Lockheed Martin Corp., Northrop Grumman Corp., Raytheon Co., Boeing Co. and General Dynamics Corp. He also said industrial conglomerates such as General Electric Co., United Technologies Corp. and Honeywell International Inc. may be interested. Nadol and Donaghey each said European weapons systems maker BAE Systems Plc also may be interested.
Motorola Inc. announced plans for a manufacturing facility in India with an initial investment of $30 million. This will be scaled up to a total of $100 million in phases. The company will establish a manufacturing plant in the 300 acre Sriperumbadur Hi-tech Special Economic Zone (SEZ) being developed jointly by Motorola and Government of Tamilnadu at Sriperumbudur, near Chennai. Expected to be operational in 2007, the state-of-the-art facility will undertake full-scale production, to support a wide range of Motorola handsets. It will also support production and assembly of network base stations for products across Motorola's Networks & Enterprise portfolio. Motorola's manufacturing initiative will supplement the presence of its six R&D centres in India, including Motorola Labs, Core Networks Division, Embedded Communications Computing, and Global Software Group. These are run by approximately 3000 highly skilled engineers.
The Uruguayan unit of International Business Machines Corp. has opened an iSeries Laboratory, the first of its kind in the Southern Cone region. IBM Uruguay invested USD 500,000 in the laboratory which will allow local IT companies such as Artech and Interamericana de Cómputos to test their products in an iSeries platform.
American Commercial Lines Inc. plans to add 1,100 jobs over the next three years as part of a $17.5 million expansion project. The company will increase its work force by more than one-third in the expansion.
Borders Group Inc. eliminated 90 jobs, mostly at the bookseller's Ann Arbor headquarters. The layoffs represent about 6% of Borders total corporate staffing. About 1,200 employees work at the corporate headquarters, and Borders employs 35,000 worldwide. The company said that the employees will be offered career counseling and severance pay that includes 30 days of pay plus one week's pay for every year of service. The company reported earnings results for the first quarter of 2006. For the quarter, the company reported a 31-cent-a-share loss. Sales were $860 million, a 1.5% increase from the first quarter of 2005.
Wellman Inc. announced the successful start-up of its new PET resin line at its Pearl River facility located in Hancock County, Mississippi. The new PET resin line, which has a stated annual capacity of approximately 300 million pounds, began initial shipments of first quality resin to customers in early June. This expansion increases Wellman's PET resin capacity at its Pearl River facility to approximately 860 million pounds and increases its total U.S. PET resin capacity to approximately 1.6 billion pounds, making Wellman the largest PET resin producer in the U.S. In addition, Wellman has approximately 120 million pounds of PET resin capacity at its Emmen facility in the Netherlands.
Microsoft Corp. has opened a Microsoft Developer Center for Collaboration Technologies in Zurich, the Greater Zurich Area AG, the location marketing agency for the economical region of Zurich, Switzerland, announced . The opening followed the integration of media-streams.com, a Zurich-based start-up company Microsoft acquired in November 2005.
Bell Microproducts Inc. has doubled its Northern California integration facilities with the opening of a new 26,000 sq. ft. Configuration Center at 326 Charcot Avenue in San Jose, Calif. The new facility provides additional space and technology to complete cutting-edge integration and configuration services. Later, the company will host an Open House showcasing the new facility and highlighting its technology partners. The new Configuration Center will accommodate design, integration and deployment of solutions for customers and offers them the ability to maximize both technologies and product lifecycles for a competitive advantage. The physical layout of this ISO 9001:2000 certified manufacturing, configuration, integration facility incorporates improved material flow concepts, providing enhanced productivity. This new facility reflects the company's continuing commitment to invest in value-added manufacturing and brings Bell Micro customers the most cost effective solutions available.
KB Home announced that it has laid off nearly a tenth of its work force at its Inland Valley office. The company let go 25 of the 275 employees in its Pomona office. The move by the Los Angeles-based home builder comes amid difficult times for the residential construction industry.
Pepsico Inc. announced that it will invest $180 million to construct a manufacturing and distribution facility in Pryor, Okla., at MidAmerica Industrial Park, creating 280 jobs. The company will produce Gatorade Thirst Quencher and Propel Fitness Water. The building, packaging, processing and warehousing operations will involve an estimated $180 million and the company estimates that this facility will have a $5 billion to $7 billion impact on the economy over the first 10 years of operation. The facility will service the 6-8 state area in the South Central Region. The plant will ultimately employ 280 people and hiring for some positions will take place as early as January 2007. The new facility will be built on a fast-track construction timeline with the intent to be operational in September 2007. The new Gatorade plant will be located on 165 acres on Highway 69A at MidAmerica, west of the existing Covalence plastics plant. The development will have a collective size of approximately 1.5 million square-feet which will include a 400,000 square-foot production facility and a 1.1 million square-foot warehouse/distribution center.
Transaction Systems Architects Inc. set up a 200-employee branch in the city of Iasi, Eastern Romania. This year the company will hire 50 programmers mostly from Romania for the development of ATM and point-of-sale software.
Best Buy Co. Inc. announced that it plans to open a store in West Ashley. The store is already under construction in a former Toys R Us location at the corner of Sam Rittenberg Boulevard and Orleans Road, near Citadel Mall. It's expected to open late this year. The West Ashley store is the company's second location in the Charleston area. A 45,000-square-foot Best Buy store opened about eight years ago on Rivers Avenue in North Charleston, near Northwoods Mall. The new 30,000-square-foot store will employ about 100.
Fastenal Co. has opened a new store here at Branford, 1 Commercial St. The 5,200-square-foot store specializes in fasteners and also sells tools; electrical, welding and safety supplies; janitorial and paper products; metal raw materials; fluid transfer components; accessories for hydraulic and pneumatic power; and other items. Fastenal also offers a variety of services including special fasteners and related manufacturing, tool repair, regrinding and resharpening of cutting tools, weld-to-length saw blades, cut-to-length metals, inventory management systems, hose crimping and special packaging. The Branford store, which opened in mid-April 2006, employs two people. The store plans to hire two or three more employees in the coming months.
Georgia-Pacific's Port Hudson paper mill will lay off 102 hourly workers in the first round of job cuts, which likely will take place in July or August. The company said the layoffs are part of an effort to make the plant more efficient and competitive globally.
Daktronics Inc. is accelerating its planned expansion into Sioux Falls and now hopes to begin assembling digital billboards at the facility by September. The company has announced last month that it has leased a 140,000-square-foot building in Sioux Falls. The Sioux Falls building and Brookings expansion will increase Daktronics' total manufacturing capacity by about 70 %.Company is assembling video display components on the top floor of the new Brookings building, which adds another 80,000 square feet of manufacturing capacity. The company should be fully moved into the space within weeks.
The first wave of layoffs at a Kimberly-Clark Corp. diaper plant left 105 people jobless. Some of the original 130 employees whose jobs at the Lakeview Diaper Plant were eliminated took other positions in the company, early retirement or severance. Kimberly-Clark announced in March it was shuttering the diaper plant and eliminating 510 jobs. The company is also selling or closing the Neenah Nonwovens Plant and cutting its 165 jobs by the end of the year. The cuts are part of a plan to trim 10% of the company's 62,000 workers worldwide.
Lockheed Martin Corp. announced that it will formally open its presidential helicopter integration facility near Binghamton. U.S. Navy representatives and members of Congress will attend a ribbon-cutting ceremony at the facility on Monday. The company announced it's hired most of the 700 people expected to work at the Owego site on the presidential helicopter program. The Lockheed contract calls for the production of 23 operational aircraft and three test aircraft. The first U.S. 101 helicopter available to transport the president should go into operation in 2009.
The Ministry of Commerce has officially approved FedEx Corporation to set up a subsidiary in Sichuan province to engage in international express delivery. Sichuan Commerce Office was quick to act on FedEx' investment commitment. The application was further approved by MOFCOM recently.
Belden CDT Inc. announced that it will close its Fort Mill plant by the end of 2007. A Tompkinsville, Ky., plant also will close. Belden will begin phasing out employees during the third quarter of 2006.
McKesson Corp. announced a new Personal Health Solutions group within its Provider Technologies segment. Personal Health Solutions will serve the growing market for interactive technologies that empower consumers and patients through secure electronic access to healthcare providers, personal health records, healthcare financial management systems and other tools. The group will leverage McKesson's broad-based strengths in disease management services across the entire continuum of care, from hospitals and outpatient facilities to physician offices and into the home. In addition to RelayHealth, McKesson's personal health solutions include in-home patient monitoring, Web portal technology, triage software and personal emergency response systems, to name a few. The full solution suite will include products and services from recently acquired HealthCom Partners, LLC, which provides patient billing solutions designed to simplify and enhance financial interactions between healthcare providers and their patients.
NPS Pharmaceuticals Inc. announced that it will reduce staff by 53% as part of a restructuring. The job cuts will reduce the total workforce to 230. NPS will also discontinue all activities related to the commercialization of Preos in the United States; close technical operations facility in Mississauga, Ontario; eliminate commercial sales and related field operations; and terminate its agreement with Allergan Inc. (agn) to promote Restasis Ophthalmic Emulsion to rheumatologists. NPS said the restructuring will reduce cash burn for 2006 to a range of $135 million to $145 million.
After focussing on the western region in its first ten years in the country, McDonald's Corp. is now planning a full scale roll out in the southern region. The company plans to open around 40-50 restaurants in the region in three years, focusing initially on Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad. Explaining why the company took ten years to move into the region.
Too Inc. announced that it plans to build an office building east of its New Albany headquarters for the two-year-old division catering to girls ages 7 to 14. Plans call for the approximately 60,000-square-foot division headquarters, still in the early design stages, to be ready for occupancy by fall 2007.
The CEO of Hollinger International Inc., Gordon Paris, has said that a number of possibilities would be considered for the company's future, including a potential sale. 'We're looking at all alternatives,' Paris said. Paris described 2006 as a 'transitional year' for the company as it continues to address its tax issues and a reorganization of its sales force in Chicago. Paris also presses the company at its annual meeting on June 13th to move more aggressively to buy back its own stock.
Apache Corp. is considering selling its 24.5 percent stake in an offshore China oilfield to reinforce investment elsewhere, two sources familiar with the situation said. One source, who asked not to be identified, told Reuters that Apache was "reviewing" its China asset, a process which will lead to a sale. Another industry source told Reuters that Apache's stake in Zhao Dong, a shallow-water oilfield in northern China's Bohai Bay, had been marketed to potential investors in Asia. Apache was not immediately available for comment.
Sikorsky Aircraft Corp. announced that it has sold up to 15 S-92 helicopters to Bristow Group Inc. Bristow has purchased two helicopters and has the option to purchase 13 more. The S-92s will be used to fulfill offshore transportation requirements in different areas around the globe.
Tenneco announced that a total of 86 workers are to lose their jobs at Adelaide. The company makes shock absorbers and exhaust systems. Tenneco says the job cuts are a direct result of a car manufacturer sourcing its supplies of shock absorbers from the Asian market. The company says it is operating in a very competitive market and will try to achieve most of the job cuts through voluntary redundancies.
Hypercom Corp. announced that it has expanded to 90 its number of international distributors, in a coordinated initiative designed to drive sales of its trusted, high-security electronic transaction products in both traditional and emerging markets in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific and Latin America.
Kanbay International Inc. announced the launch of the Kanbay Research Institute (KRI) (formerly Adjoined Research), an operating unit focused on delivering industry-specific, consumer demand research. The KRI 2006 Demand Series will measure consumer desires in the Financial Services, Consumer and Industrial Products (including Travel and Leisure, Retail, and Restaurant and Beverage), Communications and Media, and Life Sciences sectors, offering unique, state-of-the-art data to global clients. The leading indicator data helps Kanbay clients stay several steps ahead of their competition by identifying critical trends that impact decisions being made about future technology, management and operational strategies. The first report of the series, entitled Media Content Demand 2006: How Well Media Content Providers Deliver on Consumer Desires, will be released with the other studies following at regular intervals.
Ford Motor Co. is making faster-than-expected progress in reducing its hourly workforce as part of a restructuring. Ford announced a North American restructuring that includes plans to idle 14 plants and cut up to 30,000 jobs. Ford has completed its 10% reduction in costs for salaried workers and is moving faster than expected on hourly reductions. Ford hopes to save at least $6 billion and end a loss in market share to foreign rivals.
The 182 Ford workers who expected to be permanently laid off next month from the St. Paul plant. Ford Motor Co. announced that it would postpone the layoffs and close the plant for all of July, affecting all 1,739 union members. The plant was scheduled to be closed anyway for the first two weeks in July to prepare for the 2007 Ranger truck. As planned, those two weeks will be classified as vacation time for workers. But the last two weeks in July will be classified as temporary layoffs for all workers, with the permanent layoff of the 182 workers indefinitely postponed. Ford announced that this year that it will close the St. Paul plant in 2008, part of a restructuring in which Ford will shed 30,000 workers and close 14 North American plants by 2012.
Freescale Semiconductor Inc. announced an expansion into the industrial, scientific and medical (ISM) market. Freescale is extending its technology and packaging leadership into the ISM market with transistors designed for both the HF/VHF frequency space (10 MHz to 450 MHz) and the 2.45 GHz ISM band. This expansion was spawned by the development of 50 V VHV6 RF LDMOS technology (very high voltage 6th generation RF laterally diffused metal oxide semiconductor), a 50 V enhancement to Freescale's 28 V LDMOS technology. The increase to a 50 V supply voltage in LDMOS technology allows the designer to achieve higher power levels for ISM applications. In addition, availability of devices in over-molded plastic packaging allows for the most cost-effective ISM solutions available.
The CEO of Pfizer Inc., Henry McKinnell, has said that company could spin-off or sell its consumer products business. "We are following two main options. One is a spin-off of the consumer division as an indpendent company. The other is the sale to those that are interested in acquiring it," McKinnell said. The unit reportedly drew bids of $14 billion and higher from GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson and Reckitt Benckiser Plc in a recent auction. Another round of bidding is also possible. McKinnell said that a decision on one of the two options could be taken in third quarter.
Biomet Inc. could add 262 jobs in a more than $21 million expansion. The first phase would convert a 30,000 square-foot-building northeast of the Biomet campus to a manufacturing plant. The company would add 102 manufacturing jobs at an annual payroll of $3,394,477. The first expansion phase would take two years and cost about $4.2 million, including equipment. In the second phase, the company would add 60,000 square feet of additional manufacturing space onto the southwest portion of its current manufacturing facility at an estimated cost of $9 million, plus $8 million more in equipment. This phase would take four years and add 160 manufacturing jobs at an annual payroll of $5,324,669.
Amazon.com Inc. has started selling groceries in the US. The service is limited to nonperishable goods such as cereal, pasta and canned soup, but Amazon can ship those items to any customer, unlike online grocers which only deliver to limited areas. Web-based grocery retailing was a casualty of the dot-com collapse, but Amazon has been tempted back into the arena as its sales growth slows amid increased competition. The company has invested in technology and free shipping programmes to keep volume up.
Zimmer Holdings Inc. announced that its Zimmer Dental division has opened its Zimmer Institute professional training facility. This new Zimmer Institute will be a specialized center dedicated to helping clinicians further the knowledge, skills, and confidence essential for the practice of contemporary implant dentistry. The Institute is located in Carlsbad, California, 30 miles north of San Diego, and will offer four distinct levels of instruction. Developed and presented by outstanding university faculty and private practitioners from around the world, Zimmer Institute programs will provide both general practitioners and specialists with educational experiences for learning implant dentistry techniques. The surgical mannequins developed for The Zimmer Institute represent a significant advance beyond anything ever used in dental teaching venues. These simulated patients, or mannequins, are the result of years of research and refinement to closely approximate natural human anatomy. They feature soft tissue and simulated bone with both cortical and cancellous layers. The mannequins have life-like tissues to provide a realistic setting for sinus grafts and the nerve bundles in the lower mandible are wired to let the clinician know if he has prepared the implant site within the anatomical requirements. The Zimmer Institute teaching laboratory will include 26 stations with these simulated patients where participants will experience an unprecedented level of hands-on instruction.
About 525 workers at the Newell Rubbermaid Inc. plant in Centerville will lose their jobs when the consumer products maker closes the plant after 21 years of operation. Workers were told that the plant would shut down Sept. 15 and production would be moved 325 miles southwest to Winfield, Kan. The plant makes Rubbermaid brand garden sheds, outdoor storage units and garbage containers for the Atlanta-based manufacturer. Company announced in January that they would close a plant in Canton, Ohio, and announced in July the closure of a factory in Goodyear, Ariz.
Walgreens has announced plans to build a 10,000-square-foot prototype store at 1609 S Division, in place of a former Jim's IGA grocery store.
Springs Global spokesman, Ted Matthews, has said that the company will close two Chester County plants. He also said that the company will try to sell these plants.
Intel Corp. has  reportedly has put up for sale two unprofitable business units that employ hundreds of workers in Folsom. The company wants to sell a unit that makes communications chips used in networking gear such as switches and routers, according to the San Jose Mercury News. Also reportedly on the block is a unit that designs microprocessors used in cellular phones and other hand-held devices. Intel spokeswoman, Teri Munger, said on June 15th that Intel doesn't address rumors and declined to say how many of Intel's 7,000 Folsom workers might be affected by such a sale. Both of the units reportedly up for sale have substantial research, sales and marketing teams in Folsom. In the past, Intel has said more than 1,000 people work for those divisions in Folsom. Included in the sale would be what remains of Level One Communications, the Sacramento-based communications chip company that Intel purchased in 1999 for $2.2 billion. Chuck Mulloy, an Intel spokesman at the company's Santa Clara headquarters, also declined to comment on the Mercury News report. But a sale would be consistent with Intel Chief Executive Paul Otellini's stated goal of taking a hard look at the chip giant's financially challenged businesses.
Lockheed Martin Corp. announced that it has advised about 250 employees at its commercial space systems operations in Newtown, Pa., that they were being laid off.
Georgia-Pacific LLC's decision to shut down its Old Town tissue mill and lay off 400 workers could affect more than 1,000 additional jobs in the area. James McConnon, University of Maine Cooperative Extension business and economics specialist. That ripple effect already is being felt throughout the community and surrounding towns, and it isn't likely to disappear anytime soon. The effects on 1,000 other jobs stem from what economists call an employment multiplier -- a figure used to determine how closely various sectors of the economy are linked.
Procter & Gamble Co. announced that about hundred demonstrators marched through Lowell, Mass., to protest the closing of a Gillette packing facility. The company announced that it might close the packing plant at the end of the year. The closing would eliminate at least 100 and possibly as many as 1,000 jobs.
American Greetings Corp. announced that it is going Hollywood with the launch of AG Properties, a subsidiary focused on developing new characters and other content that can be sold to toymakers, movie studios, clothing designers, cell phone companies and others.
Sunoco Inc. has expanded its retail presence in the Sarnia market with the opening of a new gas bar and cardlock operation at 81 Ube Drive, adjacent to the Chris Hadfield Airport. In total, Suncor now has five retail operations in the Sarnia area, including the Pronto gas bar on Front Street. Besides the separate cardlock area with fuels geared to the big rigs, the new site has public self serve pumps with all the usual blends of Sunoco gasolines, including Ultra 94, the highest octane blend available on the market. It also sells Sunoco's gold diesel product. The business includes a 1,200-square-foot Horizon convenience store selling cold beverages, Country Style coffee, confectionery and snack foods and lottery tickets. All aspects of the business are open 24 hours a day every day.
Boeing Co. announced plans to invest $105 million in its Delaware County, Pennsylvania, operations over the next 3 years, creating 350 new jobs. The company is modernising its manufacturing plant and investing in new equipment to accommodate demand for the V-22 Osprey after the Pentagon's September 2005 recommendation that the company begin full production of the aircraft-a programme worth nearly $50 billion. The Pentagon is calling for Boeing to increase production from its present level of 11 V-22 Osprey aircraft to 36 by fiscal year 2009.
Pfizer Inc. it will phase out its manufacturing operations in Groton by the end of 2008, eliminating about 300 jobs. The move will allow the drug maker to expand its growing research and development operations near the 50-acre manufacturing site. The company announced that it will begin cutting its manufacturing operation next year. Pfizer officials said workers affected by the closure will be offered severance, early retirement, job placement assistance and other benefits. 
Huntsman Corp is reportedly in takeover talks for its Wilton "cracker" and North Tees aromatics operations. The company said it was unable to comment any further on speculation, under NYSE rules. However, it was reported that the buyer could be Saudi Arabian chemical company Sabic, which recently shelved plans for a cracker in Holland. A Sabic spokeswoman for the firm declined to comment. Huntsman had announced it was "frustrated" with market valuations of its differentiated business, and was looking at a number of options, including the sale, or spin-off, of Base Chemicals.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. is in discussions to build a $3.5 billion chip manufacturing plant that could bring 2,000 permanent jobs to upstate New York. AMD is considering two possible locations for the plant, One in a technology park about 25 miles north of Albany and the other on an 800-acre site in the central New York town of Marcy the state purchased 25 years ago.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. announced that it will build a major biologic drugs manufacturing facility costing upward of $660 million at Devens, MA. The company announced that it will use the plant to manufacture several of its biologic drugs including rheumatoid arthritis drug Orencia. The facility will employ 350 staff with the potential to employ a further 200.
Pinnacle Entertainment Inc. plans to build a new, $350 million casino resort in Lake Charles, La., adjacent to its L'Auberge du Lac Hotel & Casino property. The new resort is a replacement for Harrah Entertainment Inc.'s (het) Lake Charles facility, which was largely destroyed by Hurricane Rita, and which the company recently agreed to acquire. Construction on Sugarcane Bay resort is expected to begin in 2007 with a planned opening in 2009, subject to final approval from the Louisiana Gaming Control Board. The company also reported that it plans to break ground on its previously announced expansion of L'Auberge, with completion targeted for 2007.
Neiman-Marcus Group Inc. and Schnitzer Northwest announced that Neiman Marcus will open its first luxury fashion store in the Pacific Northwest at The Bravern, the vibrant urban destination being developed by Schnitzer Northwest in downtown Bellevue. The nation's premier retailer will anchor The Shops at The Bravern, establishing it as the premier fashion and upscale dining destination in the Northwest. Neiman Marcus will occupy 125,000 square feet on three floors at the corner of 110th Ave NE and NE 8th Street. The grand opening is planned for March of 2009.
Overseas Shipholding Group Inc.'s product carrier fleet has swelled to 54 with the addition of two chartered-in newbuildings from Cido Tanker Holding Co. The New York tanker company last week attended a contract-signing ceremony in Tokyo that formalised the order at Hyundai Mipo Dockyard in South Korea for two 47,000 dwt product and chemical carriers, the Overseas Polarisand Overseas Pisces, scheduled for delivery in April and July 2009. OSG has the ships on 10-year time charters from Cido.
United States Steel Corp. announced the opening of a new Maintenance Training Center. The Center occupies 11,000 square feet in the Flintridge Building, which was remodeled to accommodate classrooms and labs and to expand an existing in-plant welding lab.
More than 56,000 potential viewers in the Massachusetts communities of Burlington, Winchester and North Reading are a major step closer to having more choice for their cable television services. The boards of selectmen in the three towns voted last night (June 19) to authorize Verizon Communications Inc. to offer its fiber-optic-powered FiOS TV in their communities. The addition of these towns brings the total number of Verizon franchises in the state to 10, covering nearly 200,000 residents. The company offers FiOS TV in Woburn, Reading and Lynnfield, as well as other locations in New York, California, Texas, Florida, Maryland and Virginia. Massachusetts franchises have also been approved in the towns of Wakefield, Hamilton, Wenham and Tewksbury.
Hewlett-Packard Co. announced that it was shutting down its global operations unit to cut costs and would assign functions like logistics and procurement to its three business groups. The reorganization is the latest effort, to lower costs and make business groups more accountable for sales and profit. As part of the changes, expected to be completed by November, operations will be integrated into Hewlett-Packard's main business units, the Imaging and Printing Group, the Personal Systems Group, responsible for PC's, and the Technology Solutions Group, which handles server computers, storage, services and software.
Pfizer Inc. announced that it will phase out its manufacturing operations in Groton by the end of 2008, eliminating about 300 jobs. The move will allow the drug maker to expand its growing research and development operations near the 50-acre manufacturing site. The company said it will begin cutting its manufacturing operation next year.
Littelfuse Inc. announced that more than 130 job cuts will be made at the company over the next two years. The company is to close and transfer production to China.
Oracle Corp. announced its decision to open an office in Muscat's Knowledge Village Oasis. In opening an office, Oracle will have the opportunity to expand the evolving channel partner base in Oman, which has delivered strong wins through the existing remote relationship. The channel team will be focused on the budding small to medium enterprise segment (SME) which shows promise for rapid growth in the Sultanate, with the boom in telecommunications and privatization across the public sector. The three-year-old Rusayl-based Technology Park now offers over 20,000 square metres of high quality office space and meeting facilities.
Del Monte Foods Co. will eliminate 85 jobs, or more than 7% of its selling, general and administrative personnel, with cuts in both San Francisco and Pittsburgh.
Lockheed Martin Corp. expands A major $3 million fecility in Riviera Beach, including an engineering and visitors center, was unveiled Wednesday. Built with state and local grants, the new operations expand the company's      development and manufacturing of remote underwater vehicles. To build the facility, Lockheed Martin received a $1.6 million transportation fund grant from the state, which was used to prepare the waterway; a qualified defense contractor grant of $1.4 million to help with job expansion; and other $400,000 from Palm Beach County, also to help with the job expansion.
Petsmart Inc. is putting a greater emphasis on services such as its pet hotels to cater to shoppers who overwhelmingly think of their pets as children. The company plans to add 300 pet hotels - complete with separate rooms with televisions tuned to animal-themed programs - to its lineup. Other services include grooming and day care. Service is a key to PetSmart's growth strategy as the retailer tries to keep its stores in the minds of shoppers who can find pet food, clothing and other accessories everywhere. At the company's PetsHotel locations, pet parents can get their pets private or group play sessions and they can check in on Fido by calling him at the hotel's Bone Booth.
Allegheny Technologies Inc. announced a further expansion of its titanium sponge facility and melt capabilities in Albany, OR. This investment is aimed at increasing ATI's capacity to produce titanium and titanium alloys for aerospace and defense applications and for other robust global markets, such as medical, oil and gas, desalination, electrical energy, and marine transportation. The $25 million Phase III expansion includes: Additional titanium sponge capacity. ATI expects to add another 4 million pounds of titanium sponge to its annual production capabilities beginning in the third quarter 2007. In combination with the Phase I and Phase II sponge investments, this brings the Albany, OR annual sponge capacity to approximately 16 million pounds. Titanium sponge is a critical raw material used to produce titanium mill products. Additional vacuum arc remelt (VAR) capacity. ATI expects this new furnace to be in production by the end of 2007. Titanium sponge, combined with titanium scrap and master alloy, is melted in a VAR to produce a titanium alloy ingot.
Sun Microsystems Inc. reaches its first deadline in a massive restructuring effort to reduce its global workforce by 11% to 13%. The company employs 4,700 workers in Colorado, most of them at its operations along the Boulder Turnpike. If across-the-board (percentage) cuts are made, that could mean Sun's Colorado operations would lose between 517 and 611 workers. The company would chop 800 jobs, 15% of the local workforce. Sun has 37,500 employees worldwide. 5,000 approximate planned layoffs throughout Sun Microsystems by the end of September.
The 60-day layoff notices that were to have gone out to 240 Boeing Wichita workers this week have been delayed. The delays are due to attrition and to customer requirements. Notices will go out later in the year. The cuts are part of a larger plan to shed about 900 jobs -- about 25% of the work force -- at Boeing's military division in Wichita by the end of January 2007. That plan has not changed. The cuts will reduce employment at the plant from 3,600 to about 2,700. The job losses are due to cuts in the Department of Defense budget, program delays and contract completions. In April, Boeing issued 60-day layoff notices to 360 workers in its first round of cuts.
Jabil Circuit Inc. announced plans to lay off workers and close some plants. The company executives did not say where they planned to close plants or cut workers, or how many, other than to say the cuts are in high cost areas of manufacturing, a term often used to describe North America and Western Europe. Jabil employs about 55,000 people worldwide, including about 2,000 in the Tampa Bay area involved in administration and manufacturing.
International Business Machines Corp. announced that it will significantly boost the availability of supercomputing power offered through the company's Deep Computing Capacity on Demand (DCCOD) centers. IBM also announced that it is responding to corporate client demand and will for the first time add significant UNIX-based capacity based on POWER5+ technology. The expansion of compute power at DCCOD includes technology such as: IBM Blue Gene(R) Architecture, the most powerful computing platform in the world; Intel and AMD-based IBM BladeCenter(R) systems; IBM System p5 POWER5+(TM) systems. DCCOD centers currently enable customers to easily tap into massive supercomputing power to help meet critical short-term business needs, while also helping to avoiding large up-front capital outlays and long-term fixed IT costs.
Intel is trying to reverse its market share losses as slumping sales have led to pessimism among Intel investors, who have pushed its shares down 26 percent in 2006. Chief Executive Paul Otellini plans to restructure the company to make it more competitive. The revamp will likely include asset sales and staff cuts.
Microsoft Corp. is eliminating 14 jobs in its Microsoft Learning division, and will instead have an outside vendor perform that work. The jobs are being cut because the company decided to consolidate the work under the outside vendor, which had previously shared those duties with the in-house workers. Microsoft Learning, which employs more than 300 people, is the division of Microsoft that provides training on how to use and implement its products, including offering classes, books and certification resources. The eliminated jobs were in the production part of the unit, which produces manuals and other technical books about Microsoft products.
Fair Isaac Corp. is laying off 200 workers in a restructuring plan that will save the firm $24 million. Included in the layoffs were 34 vice presidents and directors in redundant positions in product management, delivery and development.
West Elm, a new furniture store by Williams-Sonoma Inc., will make its Inland debut at Victoria Gardens. With the addition of West Elm, the outdoor Rancho Cucamonga mall adds to its list of Inland Empire exclusives, which include Sephora, Banana Republic, The Cheesecake Factory and another Williams-Sonoma brand, Pottery Barn.
General Motors Corporation announced that 35,000 workers have opted to voluntarily leave the company, surpassing initial targets and allowing the automaker to increase its targeted savings to $8 billion annually by the end of 2006. GM offered some eligible employees $35,000 to retire early, while others were given between $70,000 and $140,000 to sever all ties with the company, including health-care and pension claims. Those who signed up for the buyout offers have one week to change their minds, so the final numbers won't be available until later. GM had initially planned for 30,000 job cuts and shuttering 12 plants by 2008 following the company's $10.6 billion loss in 2005. Coupled with the hourly workforce reduction of 6,500 in 2005 and estimated replacements, including Delphi flowbacks, GM said that it expects to reach its target of reducing 30,000 blue-collar jobs by Jan. 1, 2007 -- about two years ahead of schedule.
Home Depot Inc. opened a 97,000-square-foot store in Westfield, Conn. The new store features a tool rental department, professional contractor desk, a large outdoor garden center, a home-décor section, a color-solution center and installation services.
Borland Software Corp. is preparing to spin off its development tool business called Integrated Development Environment, or IDE, as early as next month. The still-to-be-named company is now reportedly code-named "DevCo." It will be an independent, private company based in Scotts Valley, Calif., and backed by equity investors, according to a posting on a company sponsored blog. “Further details on the spin-off will arrive shortly in the third quarter”, Borland spokeswoman Christy Barsotti said. It was predicted that the unit would be sold outright for as much as $100 million, rather than spun into an independent company. Bear, Stearns & Co. is reportedly advising Borland on the planned divestiture.
Allegheny Technologies Inc. announced that its Board of Directors has approved a greenfield premium-grade titanium sponge facility to be built in Rowley, UT with an annual capacity of 24 million pounds. This $325 million investment is aimed at increasing ATI's capacity to produce titanium alloys for aerospace and defense applications. Premium-grade sponge is essential for many aerospace applications, including rotating quality titanium alloys used for new jet engines and spare parts. ATI expects initial production to begin in the third quarter 2008. This Phase IV titanium expansion brings ATI's projected total annual titanium sponge capacity to approximately 40 million pounds. ATI previously announced three titanium sponge capacity increases at its Albany, OR facility amounting to 16 million pounds per year.
Walgreen Co. reported earnings results for the third quarter and nine months ended May 31, 2006. For the quarter, the company reported net earnings of $469.2 million or $0.46 per diluted share on net sales of $12,175.2 million against net earnings of $411.0 million or $0.40 per diluted share on net sales of $10,830.6 million for the same period a year ago. Third quarter earnings were reduced by $20.1 million pre-tax for employee stock option program expenses. At the same time, earnings benefited from a $13.6 million credit from the settlement of certain prior years' Internal Revenue Service matters. For the nine months ended May 31, 2006, the company reported net earnings of $1,338.3 million or $1.31 per diluted share on net sales of $35,238.7 million against net earnings of $1,230.5 million or $1.20 per diluted share on net sales of $31,706.7 million for the same period a year ago. Nine-month earnings were reduced by $83.7 million pre-tax for employee stock option program expenses and include the previously mentioned $13.6 million tax benefit.In fiscal 2007, the company anticipates organic growth of more than 400 net new stores after closings and relocations, with an overall expansion of 500 new stores. Store expansion continues on schedule, including the first store opening in West Virginia earlier this month. The will add the first stores in Maine during fiscal 2007 and in Delaware later this summer as a result of the Happy Harry's pharmacy chain merger.
Huntsman Corporation recently closed on the sale of its U.S. butadiene and MTBE business, which includes a manufacturing facility, located in Port Neches, Texas, to Texas Petrochemicals, L.P. The company intends to continue the process of divesting the commodity businesses. Mr. Peter R. Huntsman, President and CEO, said, "This transaction reflects our strategy to pursue the sale or spin off of our commodity businesses and to focus more of our attention and resources on our differentiated portfolio. In fact, this is the first major step toward that goal. We believe that the separation of our commodity business will create shareholder value and we continue to work aggressively to this end.”
General Motors Corporation plans to shut down Opel's plant in Azambuja, in western Portugal, which has a workforce of 1,150 people, and to cut about 1,000 jobs at the British Ellesmere Port plant by mid-2006.
Perrigo Co. announced that it'll offer jobs to all 140 employees located at two plants that its plans to close in Holland and Montague, Mich. The company said closing costs for 2007 will be about $3 million. The company will also take a pretax, fourth-quarter charge of $8 million. Perrigo plans to halt its output of unprofitable psyllium laxatives.
eFunds Corp. announced that it will cut 142 jobs at its Sunrise operations, where it processes gift and payroll cards for financial institutions.
Apple Computer Inc. announced that its 4,100-square-foot store is scheduled to open at 10 a.m. on July 1,2006 on Level 4 of the mall, near Macy's. The project will replace the former Filene's department store with a glass-enclosed coterie of eight stores, pedestrian walkways, sidewalk restaurants and a new Tresser Boulevard entrance.
Callaway Golf Co. unveiled the Ely Callaway Performance Center. The new, state-of-the-art golf research and fitting facility that is named after Callaway Golf’s late founder will carry on his passionate pursuit of technological breakthroughs in the design, creation and custom fitting of golf clubs and golf balls for golfers of all skill levels, the Company said. This spectacular Ely Callaway Performance Center is dedicated to making golf more accessible, pleasurable and maybe even a little bit easier for everyone who loves to play, said George Fellows, President and CEO of Callaway Golf.
Penford Corp. announced plans to invest $42 million for approximately 40 million gallons of ethanol production capacity at its Cedar Rapids, Iowa, facility. The Company expects the facility to be producing ethanol by the end of 2007. Penford has much of the infrastructure contained within the Cedar Rapids plant to participate in the ethanol market with sufficient grain handling, separation processes, utilities, and logistics capabilities. The factory is centrally located near important rail and ground transport arteries. The ethanol facility will occupy available space within the existing site footprint. The construction will not interfere with scheduled production for current customers.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. announced that it is buying 28.7 acres inside the Desert Willow Golf Resort in Palm Desert to build its second timeshare property in the Coachella Valley. The company's plans include luxury villas, a swimming pool, a clubhouse, a game room and a fitness center. Intrawest has 88 timeshare units and plans to expand to 115 units with remaining land it owns.
Verizon Communications Inc. introduced FiOS TV in Leesburg. Leesburg is the 13th Washington metropolitan area jurisdiction to grant Verizon a cable franchise. The company has also obtained a 14th franchise in Henrico County, Va. The company expects to begin taking orders for FiOS TV within the next couple of weeks in Leesburg and parts of Loudoun County. Under the 15-year agreement, Verizon will pay the community franchise fees based on the company's gross revenues on cable services.
Perris and Temecula residents are a major step closer to having more choice for their cable television services, thanks to separate city council votes in favor of allowing Verizon Communications Inc. to offer its fiber-optic-powered FiOS TV in these communities. The Temecula vote is final, but the Perris City Council is expected to take up the issue again for a final vote at its July 11 meeting. Perris, with approximately 10,000 households, and Temecula, with nearly 20,000 households, are the seventh and eighth communities in California to vote on a video-franchise application from Verizon.
Tenet Healthcare Corp. confirmed a Wall Street Journal report on June 29 that it will pay $725 million over four years and waive its claim to $175 million in Medicare payments earned but never received in an agreement with the Justice Department. The agreement concludes all federal investigations conducted by the Justice Department and U.S attorneys with no finding that Tenet had engaged in illegal behavior. Tenet will also enter into a corporate integrity agreement. The company said it will record a charge for the settlement in the second quarter. Tenet, Dallas, also said it will sell off 11 hospitals by mid-2007. Tenet will operate 57 hospitals in 12 states once the divestitures are finished. The company expects the divestitures to have a positive impact on earnings over the next two to three years. 
3Com Corporation announced that it would close 21 facilities worldwide and cut the jobs from its unit specializing in secure converged networking. 3Com employs 1,850 people and it would cut 14% of employees.
Charming Shoppes Inc. launched Lane Bryant Outlet with the opening of the Company's first outlet store at Franklin Mills in Philadelphia. Month-long grand opening celebrations are scheduled for the Company's first Lane Bryant Outlet stores. The company announced that three additional stores will open within the next week, in Gurnee Mills, Gurnee, Illinois; Colorado Mills, Lakewood, Colorado; and The Shops At Las Americas, San Ysidro, California.
On June 28, 2006, Silicon Graphics Inc. approved a restructuring plan that will include reductions in its workforce of approximately 90 positions or 5% of the Company’s global workforce. On June 29, 2006, the Company began to implement these restructuring actions with notifications to affected employees in North America and certain other locations. The balance of the notifications will follow over a reasonable period, consistent with business and local legal requirements in other parts of the world. The Company expects the workforce reductions to be materially completed by the end of calendar year 2006.On June 28, 2006, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a Post-Petition Loan and Security Agreement with certain lenders identified on the signature pages thereof, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc., as administrative agent, sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner, and Wells Fargo Foothill Inc., as collateral agent, revolving agent and syndication agent. The Financing Agreement contemplates a $130 million financing facility, which consists of a $100 million term loan and a $30 million revolving line of credit comprising two types of advances ('Revolver A Advances' and 'Revolver B Advances', respectively). The interest rate under the Term Loan is the per annum rate equal to the sum of the rate of interest announced, from time to time, within Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., at its principal office in San Francisco as its prime rate plus 700 basis points.
Johnson Controls Inc. announced that it plans job cuts and plant closings that will reduce third-quarter profit by as much as $140 million. The job cuts and plant closings, to occur during the next 12 months, will result in costs of $130 million to $140 million, or 66 to 71 cents a share.
Kimberly-Clark Corp. plans to eliminate about 150 more jobs in Neenah in the next nine months, including about 50 positions next month in research and engineering. The announcement company adds to the news in March that it plans to close or sell operations in the Neenah area that employ 675 of its 5,000 Wisconsin employees. Dave Dickson, a spokesman for the company, said that another 165 workers would be affected by Kimberly-Clark's plan to sell or close its non-woven products mill in Neenah by the end of 2006. Dickson said he couldn't comment on prospective buyers for that mill, except to say, "There certainly have been some discussions."
Kimberly-Clark Corp. announced that it plans to eliminate about 150 more jobs in Neenah in the next nine months, including about 50 positions next month in research and engineering. The announcement from the company adds to the news in March that it plans to close or sell operations in the Neenah area that employ 675 of its 5,000 Wisconsin employees. The latest cuts are part of a move to further consolidate and integrate various business teams in its North Atlantic Personal Care and Family Care organizations. The company, said about 100 workers already are gone from Kimberly-Clark's Lakeview mill and distribution center in the Town of Menasha, where about 400 remaining employees make Huggies disposable diapers and Pull-Ups training pants. The company plans to close Lakeview by the end of 2007. Another 165 workers would be affected by Kimberly-Clark's plan to sell or close its non-woven products mill in Neenah by the end of 2006.
Cytec Industries Inc. announced a restructuring of its polymer additives product line. The restructuring actions include permanently shutting down the manufacturing operations for two older technology polymer additive light stabilizer products produced at the manufacturing facility in Botlek, the Netherlands. Production of CYASORB(R) UV-5411 light stabilizer will be consolidated at Cytec's Willow Island, West Virginia facility. The remaining production of CYASORB(R) UV-1084 light stabilizer is expected to cease by the end of the third quarter and Cytec will exit this product line. The shutdown of the polymer additive production in Botlek included a full review of the support and commercial infrastructure at the site and as a result of these actions approximately 65 positions will be eliminated.
Verizon Communications Inc. expands its Verizon FiOS (FYE'-ose) suite of Internet services to the Bothell area and Kirkland. FiOS services now are available to more than 3,000 Verizon customers, beginning June 30, 2006. Verizon will offer FiOS data services in additional areas of King and Snohomish counties as the company continues its program to pass 60,000 homes with its FTTP (fiber-to-the premises) network by year-end. FTTP technology utilizes fiber-optic connections -- instead of copper wire -- directly into homes and businesses to enable a broad array of voice, data and video applications.
Southern Copper Corp. has approved investment of $120 million to expand SX-EW capacity at its Cananea copper mine in Mexico. A new SX-EW facility, Cananea's third, will provide an additional 33,000t/y of copper cathodes from 2008. Construction should be finished by the end of 2007 and the plant will be operating in 2008, adding that the project is currently at the detailed engineering stage. Last year, open pit Cananea in Sonora state produced 175,000t of copper, of which 45,5000t were in cathodes. The SX-EW facility is one of three projects to increase output by 40% at Cananea, which holds about 50% of Southern's reserves. The other two projects are a $90 million expansion to Cananea's concentrator plus the addition of a $25 million molybdenum circuit, both at the conceptual engineering stage. The concentrator expansion would increase production by an additional 33,000t/y of copper in concentrate. Meanwhile, the molybdenum circuit is earmarked to produce 4,000t/y of the metal, he said. Currently Southern is drilling to confirm molybdenum ore grades.
VF Corp. is closing a distribution center in Lenexa at the end of July, eliminating 100 jobs. The move is part of a restructuring of the company's VF Outdoor Inc. division, which is building a new distribution facility in Visalia, Calif. Work done at the Lenexa site will be shifted to the new distribution center.
Amazon.com Inc. announced the opening of its new Toy and Baby Stores, which feature tens of thousands of products, including hard-to-find items from specialty retailers. This is the largest selection of Toy and Baby products ever offered through Amazon.com and for the first time, Toy and Baby products are eligible for Free Super Saver Shipping and Amazon Prime, enabling customers to save even more on their purchases. Amazon.com's new Toy Store carries a wide variety of leading brands, including, Fisher-Price(R), Hasbro(R), LeapFrog(R), Lego(R), Mattel(R), and VTech(R). In addition, Amazon.com also carries the complete lines of Ty Plush (including Beanie Babies(R) and Pluffies(R)) and Madame Alexander(R) dolls. With 17 categories of products such as Dolls & Accessories, Games, and Learning & Education, the new Amazon.com Toy Store has something for children of all ages.
Google Inc. is beginning to roll out initiatives designed to let the search engine build its own server networks and possibly institute chip designs in the future. Most chip technologies are designed by companies including Intel and Advanced Micro Devices. Google wants to create an integrated system which it feels will be more compatible with its products and services. The company has raised $8.4 billion for the initiative in the past two rounds of funding. For up-to-the-minute news.
Occidental Petroleum Corp. provided EPS guidance for the second quarter of 2006. It expects second quarter 2006 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $2.70 and $2.80 per share.The recent seizure of Occidental's Block 15 investment in Ecuador will result in Occidental recording in the second quarter of 2006 a net year-to-date after-tax charge of $306 million, ($0.71 per share) in discontinued operations. This charge will cause first quarter 2006 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to change to $2.67 per share from the previous disclosure of $2.83 per share. On May 15, 2006, Ecuador's Minister of Energy terminated Occidental's contract for the operation of Block 15, which comprises all its oil producing operations in the country, and the Government of Ecuador seized Occidental's Block 15 assets shortly thereafter. As a result of the seizure, Occidental has classified its Block 15 operations as discontinued operations.
Hewlett-Packard Co. plans to close an undisclosed number of offices worldwide over the next four years to cut real estate costs. The company which has already disclosed plans to cut jobs and reduce the number of sites used to store crucial computer data, is still deciding which locations to close.
Michaels Stores Inc. announced that Michaels, an arts and crafts store, is scheduled to open July 27, 2006 in the former Circuit City building at 2040 S.W. Wanamaker Road. The 23,000-square-foot store is on lease with MRV Wanamaker LC. Michaels has 898 stores in North America.
Altera Corp. announced that it has expanded the MAX(R) II device family to address the growing portable applications market. With new ultra-small packages, a new power-down capability and the lowest cost in the industry, MAX II devices offer designers of handheld applications half the cost and power of competing products. Altera(R) MAX II CPLDs meet the small form-factor package and low power capabilities needed by designers of portable systems such as point-to-multipoint (PMP) systems, barcode scanners, PDAs and handheld sensors. The MAX II EPM240, EPM570 and EPM1270 devices are now available in 100-pin and 256-pin 0.5-mm Micro FineLine BGA(R) (MBGA) packages and 100-pin 1.0-mm FineLine BGA (FBGA) package. MAX II CPLDs also offer the lowest dynamic power more than 50% lower than competing CPLD solutions and a power-down capability that conserves battery life. Unlike competing CPLDs, the power characteristics of MAX II devices enable them to power down to eliminate current draw entirely. Production versions of the EPM240 and EPM570 devices in the 100-pin FBGA package are available now. The EPM240 and EPM570 devices in 100-pin MBGA package will be available in August 2006.
Olin Corp. announced that it will invest $11.8 million to boost production of bleach at its facilities at Augusta, GA; Charleston, TN; Niagara Falls, NY; and McIntosh, AL. The expansions at Augusta and Charleston, which will double each site's current bleach capacity, are expected to be completed in early 2007. The Niagara Falls project, which includes a grassroots plant that will triple the facility's bleach capacity, is due onstream in January, 2007. The McIntosh plant's upgrade will be completed in phases in 2007 and 2008, to keep up with growing demand along the Gulf Coast. Olin will also double the number of truck loading stations and install new dilution equipment, filtration equipment, storage tanks, controls, infrastructure, and other related equipment at each facility.
Phelps Dodge Corp. announced that it will begin construction on a new mine near Safford, Ariz., in early August, after receiving a necessary air quality permit. The company expects the mine to produce about 120,000 short tons of copper annually, after it comes online in the second half of 2008.
Nucor Corp. announced that it plans to build a mill somewhere in the South to manufacture up to 850,000 tons of steel bars annually. The plant will serve the automotive, heavy equipment and service center markets. The company said it is considering several potential locations for the plant.
Medidata Solutions Inc. announced the expansion of its research and development capabilities through the formation of its Integration Center of Excellence, which is designed to deliver an enterprise-wide e-clinical suite based on industry standards. With Rave at the core of the e-clinical suite, Medidata is delivering biopharmaceutical companies seamless integration with all best-of-breed applications across the enterprise - providing accurate and efficient workflows without the significant programming, validation and maintenance efforts associated with traditional e-clinical implementations.
Volt Information Sciences Inc. announced the formal creation of its newest division, Momentum, a Volt Information Sciences Company, specializing in recruitment process outsourcing (RPO) services. Under the VIS umbrella, Volt has been offering RPO solutions to its broad customer base for over 10 years. RPO is a rapidly emerging segment of Human Resources Outsourcing, with a primary emphasis on delivering end-to-end hiring solutions. Momentum, a Volt Information Sciences Company, is committed to delivering customer-centric recruitment outsourcing solutions that are designed to be scalable and flexible to business partners. Momentum, a Volt Information Sciences Company, will be based in Seattle, WA providing services for local, regional, national, and international customers.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that they will hold an open house for all town residents on July 17 to discuss the Supercenter the retail giant plans to build on Old Union Turnpike. The company submitted a preliminary plan in May to build a 217,000-square-foot shopping complex on 50 acres off Route 2, which will include a supermarket, discount store, garden center and 900 parking spaces. Wal-Mart had received approval to build a Supercenter in a shopping complex along Route 117 in Leominster, but aborted those plans in May 2005 after a lawsuit delayed the project.
Borders Group Inc. announced that it will close its Crossroads Plaza store effective July 21, a move it attributed to the LDS Church's planned downtown redevelopment project. The Borders closure is the latest in a slow tenant procession away from the two downtown malls, started when The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon) announced nearly three years ago its plans for a massive mixed-use development.
Adaptec Inc. reaffirmed its commitment to its systems business and announced it will extend the Snap Server brand and platform into new markets and application areas. This new strategy will build on the award-winning Snap Server line of block and file storage systems, creating new growth opportunities for the company moving forward.
Fastenal Co. reported earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2006. For the quarter, the company reported net sales of $458,817,000 an increase of 19.7% over net sales of $383,263,000 in the second quarter of 2005. Net earnings increased from $44,647,000 in the second quarter of 2005 to $51,513,000 in the second quarter of 2006, an increase of 15.4%. Basic and diluted earnings per share increased from $0.30 to $0.34 for the comparable periods.For the six months, the company reported that, net sales totaled $890,520,000 an increase of 20.8% over net sales of $737,072,000 in the first six months of 2005. Net earnings increased from $81,679,000 in the first six months of 2005 to $99,367,000 in the first six months of 2006, an increase of 21.7%. Basic and diluted earnings per share increased from $0.54 to $0.66 for the comparable periods. The company expects to open approximately 228 to 316 new stores in 2006. The planned openings can be altered in a short time span, usually less than 60 to 90 days.
The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. announced that it sets up shop to service expanding fleets and puts a new twist on a popular real estate saying: location, location, network. For cell phone companies and Goodyear's commercial tire business, the network is everything. Strength is in numbers and coverage. The company continues to strengthen its network of commercial tire service providers by adding on-highway Pilot Truck Care Centers, 21 truck service garages by the end of the year and more slated in the future.
Boeing Co.(BA) is projecting airlines will need $2.6 trillion worth of new commercial jets over the next 20 years, enough to double the worldwide fleet of passenger and cargo planes to nearly 36,000 by 2025. Boeing expects airlines to take delivery of more than 27,000 new passenger and cargo jets over the next 20 years, including16,540 single-aisle planes of 100 to 240 seats in passenger configurations. 6,230 twin-aisle planes of 200 to 400 seats. 3,450 regional jets of 90 seats or fewer. 990 jumbo jets of more than 400 seats. bout 65% of new planes will go to airlines expanding their fleets, with the remainder replacing planes that are being retired.
Ford Motor Co. announced that it would shut its Norfolk truck plant in 2008, the company is moving to transfer salaried employees to other facilities. Before the transfers, Norfolk Assembly Plant had 158 salaried employees alongside 2,275 hourly workers. Ford already has given transfers to a small portion of the salaried staff, with more expected over the next two years. The company is bridging the gap between the departures of salaried employees and the planned shutdown by bringing in temporary replacements. The transfers are part of a major reshuffling of Ford's manufacturing base. The company plans to close 14 plants by 2012, cutting the company's work force by as many as 30,000.
SunPower Corporation announced that it has purchased a 40,000-square-meter manufacturing facility in the Philippines (located near its existing plant) to expand production capacity for its industry-leading solar cells. Plant 2 has sufficient space to allow for installation of up to 10 additional production lines, four more than a previously considered site would have allowed. The larger plant footprint will enable production of more than 300 megawatts per year of solar cells when fully built out. SunPower currently operates three solar cell production lines at its first plant, and is currently installing a fourth line that will bring the total facility nameplate capacity to 108 megawatts per year when production begins in the fourth quarter of 2006. Line 5, the first line scheduled for installation in Plant 2, is expected to begin production in the first half of 2007. Both Lines 4 and 5 will produce SunPower's higher-efficiency Gen 2 (second generation) solar cells, with a minimum specified conversion efficiency of 22%.
Tyson Foods Inc. is laying off about 420 workers. Reducing those management and management-support staffers, and also eliminating another 430 positions that are currently unoccupied, is expected to result in a $200 million cost reduction.
Walt Disney Co. will substantially reduce its work force and slash its annual output of films from 18 to eight cutbacks greater than Hollywood had anticipated. Disney's move reflects a trend in Hollywood to cut costs amid increasing overhead, production budgets and marketing bills.
Intel Corp. announced plans to cut 1,000 managers worldwide as part of the company's ongoing restructuring. The job cuts affect all management levels.
Intel Corp. may cut a significant portion of its work force following the completion of a broad business review. The chip maker could reduce its employee roster of about 100,000 by between 10,000 and 15,000.
Environmental Tectonics Corp. announced that it will unveil its revolutionary aerospace training and research center at the Farnborough International Airshow on July 17-23, 2006. The National Aerospace Training and Research (NASTAR) Center is a turn-key facility that advances commercial and government training and research capabilities for all types of human space flight, as well as defense and civil aviation. The first NASTAR Center will take off in January 2007 near Philadelphia, PA. ETC plans to open NASTAR Centers around the globe in the next few years.
Tesoro Corp. under orders from state regulators to end soot emissions at its Golden Eagle refinery, plans to continue with a planned upgrade of a troubled fuel processing unit despite a 50% jump in the project's expected cost, to $415 million. Tesoro agreed to modify the unit, known as a fluid coker, as part of a February deal with the Bay Area Air Quality Management District that also included a $1.1 million fine for a January 2005 boiler failure that caused the coker to emit sooty particulate. The coker upgrade will reduce annual emissions by 3,000 tons, according to the district, which says that particulate is a harmful air contaminant that can be inhaled deeply into the lungs and cause tissue damage.
Ford Motor Co. expects to shed up to 24,000 US workers by the end of next year. The company will reportedly sack at least 22,000 -- and is also likely to exceed its ultimate goal of reducing its workforce by 30,000. Ford is about six months into a US turnaround plan to close 14 plants by 2012.
Amazon.com Inc. announced that it has launched a new online grocery store selling items ranging from household products to organic food, in a bid to expand beyond books and music sales. The new grocery store sells more than 1,200 brands from well known consumer names like Nestle, Kellogg, Kraft and Procter and Gamble. About half of the merchandise is natural or organic, from brands like Annie's Homegrown, Wild Oats and Newman's Own.
Spectrum Brands has announced that it is has engaged Goldman Sachs and Co. as financial advisor to assist the company in evaluating potential selective asset sales designed to sharpen the company's focus on strategic growth businesses, maximize long-term shareholder value, and reduce outstanding indebtedness. The company said that no assurance can be given that any transaction will be pursued as a result of this review, or if a transaction is pursued, that it will be consummated.
More than a year after Jacuzzi Brands Inc. finished sales of its Eljer plumbing and vacuum divisions, analysts say the company is beginning a turnaround that could ready it for a sale — again. A struggling bath division, which makes the company's signature spas and whirlpools, is what's keeping Jacuzzi from moving to the sale block right now, said Michael Spohn, an equity analyst at New York-based Rochdale Securities LLC. "These are good assets. Notwithstanding, the bath division is in a turnaround phase and will hamper the sale process," said Spohn, who does not own shares in the company. Last summer, Jacuzzi, valued at about $1.2 billion, put itself on the market but later withdrew because of the bath division. Its other division, the Zurn commercial plumbing unit, has reported steadily increasing sales; it accounts for 70 percent of the company's profits. In a May quarterly earnings conference call, Chief Executive Officer David Clarke said the bath division should be halfway recovered by the end of the calendar year. When asked by an analyst in the same conference call if Jacuzzi had been approached by any buyers, Clarke said the company was "not actively, really seriously pursuing anything right now." "We are in a recovery mode, and we want to get the bath business recovered, and we want to see Zurn continue to grow," he said. Clarke and other Jacuzzi executives did not make themselves available for additional comment.
Ford Motor Co. announced that it is beginning production of hydrogen-powered internal-combustion engines that won't emit pollution, for use in shuttle buses. The 6.8-liter, V-10 engines will be installed in E-450 shuttle buses that will be leased to commercial customers. The engines produce ``near zero emissions of regulated pollutants and greenhouse gases,' and are made at a facility in Dearborn Heights, Mich. Ford is offering more alternative-fuel vehicles as it comes under criticism for building too many gasoline-guzzling sport utility vehicles and light trucks. The automaker also said that it will invest $1.84 billion in the United Kingdom during the next six years to improve fuel efficiency.
VF Corp., opened on July 17, 2006 a flagship store in New York's Soho district. The new single-brand outlet, which covers an area of 200 sqm, is Napapijri's first in the United States.
Dell announced that the first of two pilot stores is set to open at the North Park shopping mall in Dallas and the second will open in New York later in the year.
Kimberly-Clark Corp. will cease producing latex examination gloves partly due to record latex prices over the last few years. The move will mean a loss of business for some latex glove-makers worldwide, including Malaysia, as Kimberley-Clark has been outsourcing some of its business.
New York Times Co. plans to cut 250 jobs and shrink the size of its pages in 2008, making them one-and-a-half inches narrower. The newspaper's plans include closing a printing plant in Edison, N.J. The plant's workload will shift to another in New York City, estimating the moves would save the company $42 million per year. The job cuts account for about one-third of the Times' total production work force of 800. The reduction in the size of its pages would mean a loss of 11% of the space devoted to news, but the newspaper plans to add pages to make up for about half of that loss.
Spartech Corp. announced that its Board of Directors approved a 101,000 square foot expansion of its Ramos Arizpe plant facility. This decision was made as a result of substantial demand growth at that plant and to service 30 million pounds of new sheet extrusion business with Whirlpool Corporation which is currently completing a new manufacturing facility located in close proximity to the Spartech site. The building expansion and capacity increase will require a capital investment of approximately $5.2 million and is expected to be complete by March of 2007. This expansion will increase the size of the Ramos plant to 238,000 square feet.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will open a store in downtown White Plains, N.Y., featuring unique design elements and a product mix for its urban customer, July 19. The architecture and product mix in the development of this highly anticipated store were conceived to serve the needs of the community and Main Street residents. It is located on two floors of a remodeled, nine-story building at 275 Main St. at The Shoppes on Main. The store will welcome its first customers following a 7 a.m. grand opening ceremony. The new White Plains Wal-Mart, consisting of 179,731-square-feet, will incorporate several new design elements while featuring many of the retailer's new merchandise products that are rolling out this summer.
Peabody Energy Corp., will evaluate building two plants in the United States that could transform coal into liquid fuels like diesel gasoline or jet fuel.
TomoTherapy Incorporated unveiled its new Operations Center on July 18th. The event took place in the Old Sauk Trails Business Park at 1209 Deming Way, just across from TomoTherapy Inc.'s headquarter building. The expansion is expected to create more than 300 jobs over the next three years. The new facility is designed for flexible and LEAN operations, having the capability to support more than four times the current production and test volumes. The building also offers room for further expansion in assembly, test and support areas.
Playboy Enterprises Inc. announced that as part of its previously announced cost reduction plan it will be reducing the company's annual programming and editorial budgets by approximately $4.5 million, while also lowering other discretionary expenses. The company also said that it is eliminating approximately 30 positions, roughly half of which are presently open. Including an approximate $0.06 per share restructuring charge.The company provides earnings guidance for the second quarter ended June 30, 2006. For the quarter, the company expects to report a loss in the range of $0.10 to $0.13 per share.
Unisys Corp. reported that of the total 5,500 planned workforce reductions, the company completed approximately 2,200 reductions in the second quarter, and expects to complete another 1,300 reductions in the third quarter of 2006. By the end of 2006, Unisys expects to complete approximately 90% of the total planned headcount reductions, with the remaining reductions targeted for the first half of 2007.
Perrigo has reported plans to close two facilities located in Holland and Montague, Michigan. The company explained that since its acquisition of Agis, the firm has pursued opportunities to integrate both businesses and to make them as efficient as possible, whilst evaluating ways to improve under performing assets. Perrigo will transfer profitable product lines from the two locations to plants in Allegan, Michigan, and the Bronx, New York, whilst the unprofitable psyllium-based laxatives and effervescent tablets will be discontinued.
Pall Corp. will phase out either its headquarters building in East Hills or a technology center in Port Washington over the next several years.
The first company invested by Black & Decker Corp. is put into production recently in Xiamen Export Processing Zone. The new company, BlackDecker (Xiamen) Co. Ltd, covers an area of about 100,000 square meters and will be constructed in two phases. The first phase project will cover nearly 60,000 square meters and involve an investment of CNY 120 million. The new company with a registered capital of $7.5 million will engage in the production of electrical tools, water taps and locks and will also produce some new products directly introduced from north America.
The Timken Co. announced plans to invest approximately $5 million in a new induction heat treat line at its steel plant in Canton, Ohio, that will increase capacity on heat-treated steel bars and tubing. The new line will harden (quench and temper) bars and tubes up to 7 inches in diameter. It also will be capable of other heat treatments, such as normalizing and stress relieving. As a result of the investment, overall plant capacity will increase across size ranges up to 11 inches in diameter. Installation of this new line is expected to begin in January 2007 with completion by the end of March 2007.
Whirlpool Corp. announced an expected investment of up to $11 million for the expansion of its Amana, Iowa-based refrigeration operations. This investment will support product innovation and increased manufacturing capacity for bottom freezer refrigeration and is expected to create up to 400 new jobs in Amana over the next 24 months. Whirlpool expects to employ approximately 2,900 people at the facility by the end of 2008.
The Naperville City Council is considering high-tech services for residents with a proposal from AT&T Inc. called Project Lightspeed that offers an on-demand video library and satellite television, among other services for those with Internet access. The service would feature hundreds of channels, a Web browser interface and wireless phone service. The project offers residents greater programming choices and price competition to the city’s current cable providers, Comcast and Wide Open West, according to a city press release. Service would begin 18 to 36 months after the plan’s approval. However, AT&T contends that it is exempt from providing Project Lightspeed to all residents because the product is an information service delivered over an Internet protocol platform.
Reynolds & Reynolds Co. announced that it will cut 450 jobs. The company said that it will cut 170 jobs over the next days and will eliminate another 280 jobs over the next three years; the job cuts will help it save $25 million a year, with freezing of its defined benefit plan and other measures taking total annual savings to $40 million a year, with charges totalling up to $16 million.
Cummins Inc. announced that its Cummins Turbo Technologies unit opened a new $13 million manufacturing plant in Charleston, S.C. The 110,000 square foot facility will produce turbochargers for heavy-duty engines and will complement its existing manufacturing facility 14 miles away. The plant is anticipated to eventually employ a total of 180 workers and create 200,000 turbochargers a year.
Whirlpool Corp. announced that an additional 225 employees at a Maytag call center in Newton will lose their jobs as part of the company consolidation. Newton call center and one in McAllen, Texas, will be combined with centers in Michigan and Tennessee. Maytag call centers in Yakima, Wash., and Cleveland, Tenn., will remain in operation. The call center integration will be completed by the second quarter of 2007.
Motorola Inc. opened its first Moto Shop, under the 'Direct Experience' concept, to bolster its positioning of its stylish design brand. The shop in Siam Paragon shopping centre, the first in Thailand and Southeast Asia, features a full line of Motorola products and services. Among the services available at the shop are integrated demonstration of Motorola products, photo printing from mobile handsets, pairing of the handsets with stereo Bluetooth headphones, wireless speakers or audio devices. Motorola planned to introduce six new models in the second half, the sales of which will be kicked off by football star David Beckham.
Quintiles Transnational Corp. announced the creation of the Strategic Biostatistics Unit to help customers cut the time and reduce the costs of drug development through the adaptive design of clinical trials and other innovative statistical approaches. A study design is called adaptive if it allows modification of an essential design feature (e.g., sample size, randomization ratio, number of treatment arms), based on accruing data from within that clinical trial, with the possible adaptations fully pre-specified for confirmatory trials, and in all cases carried out without compromising the integrity of the trial.
Rent-A-Center Inc. reported earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2006. For the quarter, the company reported total revenues of $583.6 million, a $3.0 million increase from $580.6 million for the same period in the prior year. This increase of 0.5% in revenues were primarily driven by a 1.1% increase in same store sales plus an increase in incremental revenues generated in new and acquired stores, offset by the revenue lost from stores that were closed or sold during the previous twelve months. Reported net earnings were $39.8 million, or $0.56 per diluted share, representing an increase of 7.7% from the $0.52 per diluted share, or net earnings of $39.6 million for the same period in the prior year. The increase in reported net earnings per diluted share is primarily attributable to the increase in same store sales.For the six months, the company reported total revenues increased to $1.191 billion, a 0.8% increase from $1.182 billion for the same period in the prior year. Same store revenues increased 1.4%. Reported net earnings were $80.2 million, or $1.14 per diluted share, representing an increase of 5.6% from the $1.08 per diluted share, or net earnings of $82.3 million for the same period in the prior year.The company provides revenue guidance for the third quarter and fiscal year 2006. For the third quarter, the company expects total revenues to be in the range of $2.360 billion and $2.380 billion. Store rental and fee revenues are expected to be between $2.100 billion and $2.118 billion. Total store revenues are expected to be in the range of $2.318 billion and $2.338 billion. Same store sales are expected to be in the 1.0% to 2.0% range.For the fiscal year 2006, the company expects total revenues to be in the range of $584 million to $592 million. Store rental and fee revenues are expected to be between $528 million and $534 million. Total store revenues are expected to be in the range of $575 million to $583 million. Same store sales are expected to be in the 2.5% to 3.5% range.The Company expects to open 5-15 new rent-to-own store locations in the third quarter of 2006 and 60-70 new store locations in fiscal 2006.
Kensey Nash Corp. announced that it has received CE Mark approval for its QuickCat(TM) Extraction Catheter, which allows the sale of the product throughout the European Union. The QuickCat(TM) Catheter is an aspiration catheter indicated for the removal of fresh soft emboli and thrombi (blood clots) from vessels in the arterial system. The QuickCat(TM) Extraction Catheter is an easy to use, fully disposable aspiration system that rapidly removes thrombus from the body. The device will be sold through Kensey Nash's endovascular direct sales force in Germany and through a distribution network for the rest of Europe. The QuickCat(TM) Catheter will be launched in the European Union within thirty days. In the U.S., the QuickCat(TM) Catheter received 510(k) clearance in March 2006 and is being sold by the Company's U.S. endovascular sales force.
Sun Microsystems plans to cut 5,000 from total 37,500 jobs. Sun austria registered a 45% growth in its turnover in fiscal 2005/06, ended on June 30, 2006. The order intake rose by a third over the period. The group has decided to continue its strategy in austria, but additional investments are currently not being planned.
Walgreen Co. announced a major expansion of its in-store Health Corner Clinics. The company will expand the idea to its stores in Atlanta, Chicago and Las Vegas later this year. Clinics opened in 10 stores in the Kansas City area last week, and nine will open in the St. Louis area this summer. The clinics will offer patients diagnosis and treatment of routine medical conditions, along with diagnostic screenings and vaccinations, inside centers adjacent to the store's pharmacy department. To operate the clinics, Walgreens is partnering with InterFit Health (RediClinic) in Atlanta, Take Care Health in Chicago and Pinnacle EasyCare in Las Vegas. Take Care Health will also operate the Health Corner Clinics at Walgreens in Kansas City and St. Louis.
Pogo Producing Co. reported earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2006. The company recorded second quarter 2006 net income of $361,883,000, or $6.31 per share, on revenues of $674,590,000, up from its net income in the second quarter of 2005, which totaled $103,439,000, or $1.71 per share, on revenues of $274,564,000. For the first half of 2006, its net income was $429,354,000, or $7.48 per share, on revenues of $1,048,128,000, compared to first half 2005 net income of $162,675,000, or $2.63 per share, on revenues of $530,310,000. The company announced that its Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.075 per share of common stock to be paid on August 25, 2006, to shareholders of record as of August 11, 2006. The company plans to participate in drilling as many as 320 gross wells on its North American leases during the second half of this year.
Intergraph Corp. reported earnings results for the second quarter of 2006. For the quarter, earnings increased to $16.8 million, or 56 cents a share, from $7.5 million, or 25 cents a share, a year earlier. Revenue rose 5.1% to $152.8 million from $145.4 million a year ago. For the third quarter, Intergraph expects revenue of $148 million to $152 million and operating income before restructuring of $13.5 million to $15.5 million. The company also reported that during the second quarter, the company cut 60 jobs and reported restructuring charges of $5.7 million as part of its organizational realignment announced in April 2005. In total, Intergraph has reduced 375 positions.
ConocoPhillips has said that its recently announced asset rationalization program is progressing as planned. The company expects to finalize the listing of assets to be sold and to begin actively marketing them in the third quarter.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that Wal-Mart Supercenter is expected to open on state Route 315 sometime next year. The retail project, which will include a strip mall surrounding Wal-Mart and four to six other structures, will be built adjacent to Victoria Inns. Part of the plan includes closing the smaller Wal-Mart discount store that is located less than a mile south on Oak Street.
McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. broke ground for its state-of-the-art, 135,000 square-foot office building in the Port of Dubuque, Iowa that will provide the Corporation with a new base of operations to develop textbooks, digital products and other content in such critical subjects as engineering and math for higher education customers around the world. Employees in the new four-story building will provide editorial, production and marketing services focused on the development of educational programs for the science, engineering, math and allied health fields. All of McGraw-Hill Education's nearly 400 employees currently based in a leased facility on Kerper Boulevard in Dubuque will move to the new building, which is expected to be ready for occupancy in the summer of 2007. The McGraw-Hill Companies also operates a distribution center in Dubuque, which is the primary distribution point for educational products offered by CTB/McGraw-Hill, a leading publisher of standardized student achievement tests and McGraw-Hill Professional, which focuses on professional, reference, and trade publishing. In addition to its Dubuque locations, the Corporation has education operations in Coralville, Iowa, and Standard & Poor's operates an office in Des Moines. The McGraw-Hill Companies has more than 450 employees in Dubuque and approximately 540 employees in Iowa.
Deere & Co. announces it will add 30 jobs at its Dubuque Works plant, quickly followed by the addition of 100-plus positions. The factory announced that it will add two forestry production lines.
Newell Rubbermaid has said it plans to sell its Home Decor Europe business, which contributed about $375 million in revenue in 2005. During the current quarter, the segment recorded a loss from operations of $14.9 million, and was classified as discontinued operations.
Meade Instruments Corp. announced its implementation of operational cost control initiatives and a workforce reduction that are expected to result in a combined annualized decrease in total labor costs of approximately $3.0 million. This reduction in operating costs resulted in part from a recent reduction of 24 employees from the Company's Simmons distribution facility in Thomasville, Georgia, its assembly plant in Tijuana, Mexico, and its corporate headquarters in Irvine, California. These actions eliminated 21 management and support level functions and three vice presidents of sales. The Company also reported the planned closure and consolidation of its Coronado Instruments manufacturing and distribution facility in Tucson, Arizona, which will result in an additional estimated decrease of $800,000 in annualized operating costs. This consolidation will eliminate 16 employees by August 31, 2006. All Coronado operations are being consolidated into the Company's Irvine facility, with no associated increase in SG&A expense expected for that facility. Meade Instruments will continue to employ more than 350 full-time employees worldwide for the manufacturing and distribution of its products.
Morton's Restaurant Group Inc. reported earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended July 2, 2006. For the second quarter, the company reported net income of $2,505,000 or $0.15 per diluted share on revenues of $77,980,000 against net income of $50,000 or $0.01 per diluted share on revenues of $72,940,000 for the same period ended July 3, 2005. For the six months, the company reported net loss of $19,121,000 or $1.25 loss per diluted share on revenues of $161,070,000 against net income of $285,000 or $0.03 per diluted share on revenues of $150,278,000 for the same period ended July 3, 2005.Revenues for the second quarter of fiscal 2006 increased 6.9% to $78.0 million from $72.9 million for the second quarter of fiscal 2005. The growth in revenues is attributable to a 3.4% increase in comparable restaurant revenues (13 weeks to 13 weeks) and revenues from five new Morton's steakhouse restaurants, four of which opened in fiscal 2005 and one of which opened in March 2006.The Company expects to open a new Morton's steakhouse in Northbrook, Illinois in September 2006. The Company expects to open four to five new Morton's steakhouses in fiscal 2006.The Company expects third quarter 2006 revenues to range between $66 million and $69 million including increases in comparable restaurant revenues between 2% to 3%. Diluted net (loss) income per share is expected to approximate $(0.01) to $0.01.The Company expects fiscal year 2006 revenues to be between $315 million and $319 million including increases in comparable restaurant revenues of approximately 2% to 3%. Pro forma diluted net income per share is expected to be between $0.75 and $0.77.
Allegheny Technologies Inc. announced that it expects to be one of the largest integrated titanium producers in the world within four years. The company plans to invest about a half billion dollars to achieve that goal by upgrading its titanium raw material supply and melting capabilities. Allegheny Technologies has already set into motion plans for a three-phase expansion of titanium sponge production at facilities in Albany, Ore., and construction of a titanium plant in Rowley, Utah. The company expects total titanium sponge capacity to reach £40 million by 2009.
Tollgrade Communications Inc. announced that it will close two locations, eliminate 29 positions and discontinue certain product lines, all to cut costs and improve efficiency. The company is shutting its Sarasota, Fla., office, consolidating its work and staff at headquarters. The action is projected to save $2.9 million annually, with a one-time charge of $1.9 million to be taken in the third quarter. Effective Aug. 31, Tollgrade will close its Texas location, eliminating six jobs. These actions are expected to save $400,000, with no significant one-time charges.
Home Depot Inc. opened a new 30,000-square-foot store at 318 U.S. 90 in Waveland. A temporary store had been in operation at the same location for about two months prior. A typical Home Depot store is more than 100,000 square feet. Paris said Home Depot was able to open this store in the new format quickly by converting an old grocery store. This model may be used in other hurricane-affected areas. The store offered gift-card giveaways, refreshments and vendor demonstrations throughout the day. Raffles and prize giveaways will continue from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturday as part of the store's grand opening. Other activities will include a professional contractor breakfast, which will be held from 7 to 10 a.m. On Saturday, a kids' workshop will be held at 11 a.m. and hot dogs and soft drinks will be served from noon to 2 p.m. Home Depot will employ 80 workers at the Waveland store. A Lowe's home improvement store is scheduled to open in August on Mississippi 603 in Waveland.
Kimberly-Clark has put 24 facilities up for sale, closure or streamlining. This has been done for tackling the increase in costs with a savings program. The company earlier reported that net income for the second quarter slipped more than 10 percent as higher energy costs hurt profits.
Newmont Mining Corporation subsidiary in Uzbekistan, decreased sold gold ounces by 8 percent in the second quarter of 2006 from 2005, the release of Newmont Mining said. The statement of US company did not elaborated what actions were taken against its venture. Probably, the company talked about abolishment of some preferences by the Uzbek government. As earlier reported, the Uzbek government revoked some preferences on payment of income tax and import of equipment was abolished for Zarafshan-Newmont along with some other companies with foreign investments. The financial statement of company said depending on the outcome, Zarafshan-Newmont may be forced to discontinue operations in the second half of 2006. At 30 June 2006, the book value of the company's ownership interest was approximately US$94 million. The company is exploring all options to recover the value of its investment in the Joint Venture, including the possible sale of the asset or international arbitration.
Whirlpool Corp. announced that it will lay off 950 workers at its Fort Smith plant, 220 more than the amount of layoffs initially announced by the Michigan appliance-maker. The number of workers to be laid off Sept. 1 will account for nearly one-quarter of the 4,000 workers at the plant as the company decreases production of refrigerators and trash compactors here.
OSI Restaurant Partners has said that it won't break itself up and sell brands such as Bonefish Grill and Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar, despite pressure to do so from one of its biggest investors.
Paxar Corp. is closing in Huber Heights and moving operations overseas, laying off 50 employees and leaving 90 vying for jobs at Paxar's Miamisburg operation. The company will be closing Huber Heights location by the end of the first quarter of 2007. Paxar Huber Heights had about 140 employees prior to the layoffs, which began in April. The remaining 90 employees may be moved to Paxar's Miamisburg barcodes operation.
Chevron Corp has offered for sale its 31-percent stake in the Nerefco oil refinery and its fuel stations in the Benelux region, oil industry sources familiar said. "Chevron started preparations for the sale of its stake in Nerefco some three months ago," one Rotterdam-based source said. "They are collecting bids now." "Chevron is also selling its Texaco filling stations and LUKOIL is one of the interested bidders," another industry source said. A Chevron spokesman declined to comment. "We don't comment on market rumors. We've made no announcement on a sale," the spokesman said.
Jones Apparel Group Inc. announced that it is eliminating 744 jobs and reducing costs by shutting a Secaucus, N.J., facility and closing some leased shoe departments. The company announced that the closings are the result of declining profit over the last two years. Jones is spending $2.7 million to shut the warehouse and $1.2 million to close the shoe departments at Stein Mart Inc. stores.
It was reported that Northrop Grumman Corp. has put its navigation systems unit on the auction block and it could sell for as much as $1 billion. Wesley Bush, Northrop's president and chief financial officer, said, "Over the past three years, we've divested more businesses than we've acquired, and we continually assess potential divestitures." But he declined to comment on specific asset sales that might be in the offing. When asked about the navigations-systems unit, a Northrop spokesman said it is company policy not to comment on potential acquisitions or sales.
AT&T Inc. announced the latest expansion of its AT&T OPT-E-MAN(R) managed metropolitan optical transport service to cover 22 additional cities. This expansion brings the number of metropolitan areas where OPT-E-MAN is available to 41. The added metropolitan areas are in Ohio - Columbus, Dayton, Akron/Cuyahoga Falls/Canton, Toledo, Youngstown; Indiana - South Bend; Illinois - Springfield, Rockford, Campaign/Urbana; Michigan - Grand Rapids; Oklahoma - Oklahoma City, Tulsa; Texas - El Paso, Corpus Christi, Amarillo, Laredo; Kansas - Topeka; and California - Modesto/Stockton/Merced, Fresno, Bakersfield, San Luis Obispo and Redding.
Cabela's Inc. announced that it will open its newest destination retail store in Richfield, Wis., on Sept. 22, 2006. The 165,000-sq.-ft., large-format superstore is being built on a 60-acre site, with plans for at least 20 acres to be developed by additional businesses, possibly including hotels, restaurants, retail stores or other travel and tourism-related businesses.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. announced that it plans to cut 3,000 to 4,000 jobs in the second half of 2006. The cuts, intended to make the company more efficient, fall within the range of 2004 forecast for layoffs of 15,000 to 20,000. But the company had not anticipated the new cuts earlier this year. As of April, EDS had about 117,000 employees worldwide, including 7,100 in the Dallas area.
Kaiser Aluminum Corp. announced an additional expansion of capacity at its Trentwood, Wash., rolling mill in order to address the significant growth in demand for heat treat plate used in aerospace, defense and general engineering applications. The $30 million follow-on investment, when combined with a previously-announced $75 million expansion, is expected to effectively double Kaiser's plate capacity. The primary element of this further expansion is an additional horizontal heat treat furnace. The furnace is expected to begin production in early 2008 and will complement the pair of previously-announced furnace expansions, the first of which has begun production and is expected to be fully operational later this year. The second furnace is slated to start production in early 2007 and be fully operational by mid-year.
Eastman Kodak Co. announced that it is eliminating another 2,000 jobs. As it drives for greater profitability from its digital businesses, Kodak said it is shifting manufacturing of its digital cameras to Flextronics Ltd. and transferring about 550 employees to the Singapore-based company. Those will be among roughly 2,000 jobs that Kodak is aiming to eliminate by the end of next year on top of 22,000 to 25,000 jobs already targeted since January 2004. While the latest cutbacks were triggered by Kodak's historic transformation, the company did not immediately specify where most of them would be made.
The Wall Street Journal reported that Automatic Data Processing Inc. plans to spin off its brokerage services unit into a public company valued at $3 billion to $3.5 billion. The company's unit has about 4,000 employees and processes and clears trades of bonds and stocks, and also distributes financial reports and proxy materials, the Journal said, adding that the unit contributed about $2 billion in revenue and net income of about $300 million for the fiscal year ending in June.
Dana reported earnings results for the second quarter of 2006. For the quarter, the company reported net loss of $28 million compared to net income of $30 million year-on-year, from sales of $2.3 billion. The company announced that $34 million in reorganisation charges were recorded this quarter, including $30 million in professional fees.The company also announced that it is currently looking to dispose of 44 facilities worldwide and is seeking to cut its retiree benefits to reduce its bottom line expenditure and enable it to emerge from Chapter 11 as a leaner, profitable concern.
McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurants Inc. reported financial results for its second quarter and six months ended July 1, 2006. Revenues in the second quarter of 2006 increased 12.2% to $76.8 million from $68.4 million in the second quarter of 2005. The 2.8% increase in comparable restaurant sales was primarily the result of increased guest counts. Operating income increased 18.2% to $5.1 million in the second quarter of 2006, compared to operating income of $4.3 million in the second quarter of 2005. Net income in the second quarter of 2006 was $3.5 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, compared to net income of $2.9 million, or $0.21 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2005.Revenues for the first six months ended July 1, 2006 increased 15.2% to $148.4 million from $128.8 million in the same period a year ago. The 3.4% increase in comparable restaurant sales was primarily the result of increased guest counts. Operating income increased 23.6% to $8.5 million in the first six months of 2006, compared to operating income of $6.9 million in the first six months of 2005. Net income in the first six months of 2006 was $5.8 million, or $0.40 per diluted share, compared to net income of $4.5 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, in the first six months of 2005.The Company expects third quarter 2006 revenues to be between $74.0 million and $75.0 million and a comparable restaurant sales increase between 2% and 3%. Diluted earnings per share is expected to be between $0.17 and $0.19. The Company has already opened the only planned restaurant for the third quarter of 2006, in Chicago, Illinois.The Company expects fiscal year 2006 revenues to be between $305.0 million and $309.0 million and a comparable restaurant sales increase of approximately 2.5% to 3.0%. Diluted earnings per share is expected to be between $0.86 and $0.90. The Company intends to open eight restaurants in fiscal year 2006, of which four have opened.
Whirlpool Corp. announced that it is planning to lay off up to one-quarter of the workers at its Vanderburgh County factory. The company announced that it expects to cut 300 to 500 jobs by November.
Jones Apparel Group Inc. stands poised to unveil a bold new retail identity for the storied brand this fall. Between August and October of this year, the Company will open eight new Anne Klein New York stores across the United States, with plans to roll out as many as 15 more annually over the next few years. The first new accessories-only Anne Klein New York store will open at Century City in Los Angeles on August 15th. The New York City store will be the site of the first accessory/apparel venue at 655 Madison Avenue, opening September 8th. Additional scheduled openings include Green Hills Mall in Nashville (9/12); Greenwich Avenue in Greenwich, Connecticut (9/15); Plaza Frontenac in St. Louis, Missouri (9/19); Somerset Collection in Troy, Michigan (9/19); San Francisco Center in San Francisco (9/28) and Copley Plaza in Boston (10/18). Each store will be approximately 1,600 square feet in size and laid out in a series of little rooms - each dedicated to a different product category. The Madison Avenue location will be considerably larger at 2,500 square feet and will feature select Anne Klein New York apparel items, in addition to the branded accessories. The interior decor reflects the modern attitude of the personal style that Anne Klein cherished.
NMS Communications Corp. has determined to terminate approximately 20 employees and to close a facility it maintains in Red Bank, NJ related to its Platforms Solutions business unit. These changes will be effective September 1, 2006. The Company expects the actions will have no material impact on any of its customers or products.
Eastman Kodak Co. to fire 600 British factory workers as it struggles for profitability. The layoffs, which will cut Kodak's British payroll to about 2,400, are part of a global restructuring plan announced in January. That plan entails dismissing as many as 15,000 people.
Northrop Grumman Corp. has begun constructing a dedicated facility for system integration work and low-rate production of high-energy lasers for military weapon systems. The 11,000 sq. ft. Directed Energy Production Facility at the Space Technology sector's Space Park campus has been specifically designed for high-energy lasers and weapon system applications. The first application will be the Joint High-Power Solid-State Laser (JHPSSL) Phase 3 program, where a laser power of 100 kW will be demonstrated. Other lasers and weapon systems the company is proposing also will be produced in this facility. Renovations to an existing building are expected to be completed near the end of 2006. Most of the facility will consist of a high-power laser development area, where lasers of much greater than 100 kW will be produced and tested, along with other space to integrate electric lasers onto various military platforms, such as armored combat vehicles. The facility, a class-10,000 clean room and specifically designed for laser safety, also will house two solid-state laser sub-labs for work on vital system components.
EMC Corp. announced the launch of its operations in Sri Lanka. EMC announced the opening of its office in Colombo and outlined a three pronged strategy to tap this market. EMC said that the three key pillars of its business strategy in Sri Lanka would include generating market awareness for the need to implement information management and storage solutions, launching the industry's broadest portfolio of solutions and services, forging and strengthening local partnerships to serve the information management and storage needs of the customers in the market. EMC stated that it will leverage this office to provide sales support to its regional distributor Redington and existing three channel partners - Enterprise Technology Private Limited, Data Management Systems Limited and Just in Time Holdings Group in the Sri Lanka market. Redington is the regional distributor for EMC in India, bangladesh and Sri Lanka.
Shares of Visteon Corp. surged on August 3, citing rumors of a possible sale. According to media reports, Visteon's management is soliciting bids for the entire company estimated at $1 billion to $1.5 billion, including the assumption of about $1.2 billion in debt.
Continental Airlines Inc. announced that it converted 12 existing firm orders for Boeing 737 airplanes into orders for 12 new Boeing 737-900ERs. The new aircraft is an extended-range twinjet that flies about 500 nautical miles farther than the older 737 aircraft. Delivery is still scheduled for 2008. The company has firm commitments for 65 Boeing 737s and can convert more of its existing Boeing 737 orders to the 737-900ER planes.
General Motors Corporation opening what is said is the most energy efficient and environmentally friendly automobile assembly plant in the world in near Lansing, Michigan. The green plant is designed to save over 40 million gallons of water and 30 million kilowatt hours of electricity during its first 10 years, starting later this year. Toilets will flush with rainwater collected from the roof, while less heating and cooling will be needed because of the special white polymer roof. More than 25% of the construction materials were made of recycled products. A wildlife habitat covers 75 acres of the plant site. The good environmental decisions made regarding Lansing Delta Township were also good business decisions. The cost to construct the plant was less than a traditional assembly plant, and its operating costs also are significantly lower. The plant will produce GM s new crossover vehicles, the Saturn Outlook, GMC Acadia, and Buick Enclave, and will start production during the fourth quarter of 2006.
Cooper Tire & Rubber Co. announced that shut down plants in four states in June because of low demand, using the two-week closure to clear out inventory.
Thomas Dattilo, chief executive of Cooper Tire & Rubber, resigned on August 3rd as weak demand in North America resulted in a fifth consecutive quarterly loss for the company. Dattilo is leaving to pursue other interests, the company said, without providing more detail. His departure may signal a shift in the company's strategy, and Cooper may be an acquisition target for a non-U.S. tire maker or a private equity firm, a J.P. Morgan Securities analyst, Himanshu Patel, wrote in a note to clients.
Sun Microsystems Inc. notified about 950 of its U.S. employees and a similar number globally of their termination. The cuts are the second round in a previously announced restructuring that will eliminate in all some 4,000 to 5,000 jobs. The overall layoff will be finished by the end of June 2007, the end of Sun's first full fiscal year under new Chief Executive Jonathan Schwartz.
Nu Skin Enterprises Inc. is planning to recruit an army of up to 5,000 direct sellers in Shanghai by the end of this year. Expansion plans also include opening 100 service centres in the city and 40 more specialty shops across the country, taking the total to 180.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced opening for the newest Wal-Mart Supercenter at Interstate 35 and 15th Steet is still on schedule for September. Wal-Mart has hired about 125 associates for the new store and has about 225 hires still to make.
Xerox Corp. plans to use a $400 million tax windfall to lay off more workers. The company announced the tax benefit was unexpected. The benefit should be more than enough to cover Xerox's expected charges of $125 million to $175 million by year's end for the layoffs.
Wal-Mart Corp. plans to build a 186,000-square-foot supercenter within two miles of Damariscotta's historic red-brick downtown was thwarted by opponents' weapon of choice: citizen-approved zoning changes. The grassroots campaign that started here spread like wildfire along Maine's midcoast as three neighboring towns adopted similar measures. But Wal-Mart foes failed in Waldoboro and Wiscasset.
Jo-Ann Stores Inc. will have the grand opening for its new superstore in Draper. The crafts and fabric retailer's superstores typically are more than twice as large as traditional Jo-Ann stores. The 35,041-square-foot store in the Draper Retail Center will have sweepstakes, free craft projects and special sales during the grand opening. It is the first Jo-Ann superstore in the Salt Lake area and one of 10 Jo-Ann stores in Utah.
Harrah's Entertainment Inc. announced that the Grand Casino Biloxi Hotel and Spa will re-open August 17, 2006 pending the receipt of all required regulatory approvals. Following a year-long renovation, the new land-based casino features more than 800 slot machines and 28 table games; a 500-room hotel; a 300-seat Grand Buffet, an Asian Cafe, L.B.'s Steakhouse and Starbucks coffee shop; and the full-service Bellissimo Spa.
DTS Inc. said it plans to study the potential spin-off of its business in order to better address changing markets. The statement came as the company reported slightly higher second-quarter earnings on August 9.
Sunrise Senior Living has broken ground on a new four-story, 162,000-square-foot facility in Holladay. Arnell-West Inc. will build the facility at 4650 S. Highland Drive. Arnell-West also is building a Sunrise Senior Center in Sandy. It is expected to be completed this fall. The Holladay facility will include a 30,000-square-foot underground parking struc- ture, 59 units of assisted living on the east wing and 75 units of independent living on the west wing.
True Religion Apparel Inc. said it plans to open an outlet store in Cabazon, California, at the Desert Hills Premium Outlets(R), a popular Southern California shopping destination just outside of Palm Springs. The Desert Hills store will be True Religion's first outlet store and will be in the company of venerable brands such as Burberry, Yves Saint Laurent, Dolce & Gabbana, Diesel and Polo Ralph Lauren. The Desert Hills outlet store is scheduled to be open well before the Christmas shopping season. Along with the retail store rollout in SoHo and Miami Beach, as well as the currently operating store in Manhattan Beach, Calif., the outlet store brings to four the number of True Religion branded locations targeted to be in operation by year-end.
Career Education Corp. announced that on August 8, 2006, the U.S. Department of Education (DOE) approved two new International Academy of Design and Technology (IADT) campuses in Sacramento, California, and San Antonio, Texas for participation in federal student financial aid programs, enabling the company to open the campuses. The San Antonio campus will offer diploma programs that can be completed in 18 months, and the Sacramento campus will offer associate and bachelor's degree programs. Programs that may be offered include fashion design and marketing, interior design, visual communications, and criminal justice.
SonoSite Inc. launched its hand-carried portable ultrasound systems in Lucknow. The product range includes: MicroMaxx, Titan, 180 Plus and iLook. The Titan model with single probe is priced at INR 0.85 million, and the MicroMaxx costs INR 1.7 million. The products are helpful in latest areas of surgery and vascular access procedures along with traditional areas like radiology, cardiology, vascular medicine and obstetrics and gynaecology. The company has already introduced its products in Punjab and Haryana and will be heading towards Varanasi as a part of their Uttar Pradesh launch campaign.
Brinks Co. should put itself up for sale, according to Pirate Capital LLC, an activist hedge-fund firm that owns almost 9 percent of the company. Brinks could be worth $68 to $72 a share in a sale, Pirate Capital said in a letter to the company's board of directors that was included in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. A sale would likely attract "substantial" interest from other companies in Brinks' sector that could help bolster its market share, Pirate wrote. Private-equity firms could also bid and may be willing to pay a "meaningful" premium for the business, the hedge fund added.
NTL declared itself open to an £ 8 billion private equity bid on August 8 after suffering a sharp drop in customers. The group, which last year rejected an unofficial takeover approach from a consortium thought to have included Apax Partners, Cinven and Permira, said that it would be open to any project that maximized shareholder value. Asked about recent renewed rumors of private equity interest, Jim Mooney, chairman of NTL, said: "We always look to maximize shareholder value and anything that would do that we would be receptive to." The group, which has tied up with Virgin Mobile to become Britain's first single provider of fixed and mobile telephone, digital television and high-speed internet access, rejected the previous approach - thought to be for around £8 billion - claiming that it was nowhere near its true worth. A deal that size would be one of the largest leveraged buyouts.
American Railcar Industries announced that the Company's board of directors has approved the construction of a new flexible railcar manufacturing plant to be built adjacent to its tank railcar manufacturing plant in Marmaduke, Arkansas. The new plant would be capable of producing tank, covered hopper, and intermodal railcars. The Company expects the plant would have an initial capacity to produce 2,500 tank railcars annually, with railcar production expected to begin in early 2008. This new plant would be in addition to the tank railcar expansion currently underway at Marmaduke to increase capacity by 1,000 tank railcars annually. Construction on the new plant is expected to begin in the third quarter of 2006. The Company is also announced that it has signed agreements with two important customers to purchase a total of 2,000 railcars per year from the Company in each of 2008 and 2009. One of these customers has options to purchase up to an additional 2,000 railcars. It is currently anticipated that the railcars for these new orders would be produced at the new plant. These orders represent a significant increase in the Company's backlog over the 12,790 railcars reported as of June 30, 2006.
Science Applications International Corp. announced the opening of a Cryptographic Module Testing Lab (CMTL). This new lab has been accredited by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to carry out Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 140-1 and 140-2 testing and will reside within SAIC's Accredited Testing and Evaluation Labs, which are recognized as market leaders in Common Criteria (ISO/IEC15408) certification. The federal government requires that cryptographic modules be certified as compliant with FIPS 140-2 before the hardware or software they reside in can be used in federal information systems. SAIC's CMTL will provide a range of FIPS 140 testing and support services, including FIPS 140 validation testing, initial assessments, security policy documentation guidance, FIPS 140-2 cryptographic module testing for Security Levels 1-4, and algorithm validation testing. The CMTL will also provide documentation strategy and support for security policies, user and crypto-officer manuals, design documentation, design assurance, and attack mitigation.
Andrew Corp. said that it was not for sale after mutually terminating a proposed tie-up with ADC Telecommunications Inc. and spurning a bid from CommScope Inc. Andrew shares tumbled more than 11 percent after the news. Investors had hoped that a merger with either one of the communications equipment makers would help Andrew reduce costs and gain clout amid consolidation in the telecommunications industry. Rick Aspan, a spokesman for Andrew, said in a telephone interview that the company was no longer in merger talks and would operate as an independent company -- although he did not rule out deals in the future. Aspan offered no further details on why the company turned CommScope down, saying only that it was an unsolicited bid and there were no ongoing negotiations. CommScope said it was disappointed by the rejection. ADC was not immediately available for comment. Andrew had said that it and ADC had mutually terminated their merger pact because "market considerations" raised significant questions about their ability to obtain necessary shareholder approvals. It also said CommScope's offer did "not adequately reflect the value of Andrew," its business prospects or products.
Computer Sciences Corp. announced that it has added a Border and Immigration Solutions (BIS) Center of Excellence to its community of 17 existing centers of excellence. Each center focuses on a different set of capabilities that target leading-edge technologies and solutions for commercial and government information technology (IT) markets. The BIS Center of Excellence is designed to help government organizations achieve their border security and immigration goals by deploying solutions for civil identity credential issuance, visa applicants risk analysis, border event case management, and immigration services delivery and enforcement.
Sprint Nextel Corp. is to spend $1 billion this year and $1.5 billion to $2 billion in 2008 on building a mobile broadband 4G (fourth generation) network across the US based on WiMAX (worldwide interoperability for microwave access).
RCN Corp. has won a cable franchise agreement from Macungie, a borough where Service Electric has long had a monopoly. Macungie Borough Council unanimously approved the agreement this week. RCN will offer residents telephone and high-speed Internet -- services that satellite TV companies can't match.
The Costa Rican unit of Hewlett-Packard Co. has expanded its operations with the launch of a new global service center. The new call center will offer business outsourcing process services, particularly in the area of payments, finances, accountability and other IT services. This is the second facility of this kind in Costa Rica and will receive over 70,000 calls per day, particularly to support operations of clients in the Americas region. The company plans to have a staff of over 5,000 employees by end-2008.
Best Buy Co. plans to close its Studio D concept store in Naperville when the lease expires at the end of the month. The company opened the 5,000-square-foot specialty shop in 2004 in an effort to capture middle-income to upper-income female customers. It was the only such store nationwide.
A 12-month restructuring plan at Johnson Controls Inc. that calls for 5,000 layoffs and 16 plant closings is not expected to affect the local plant or employees in Spring Garden Township. The plan includes cutting about 2,800 jobs and 10 plants in North America, with the balance of the cuts in Europe.
Johnson Controls Inc. announced plans to cut 2,200 jobs from its auto interiors unit and 5,000 jobs worldwide from throughout all operations as part of a restructuring plan. The company also plans to close 16 plants-10 of them in the North American interiors group. The restructuring plan also takes in three interiors plant closings in Europe, one interiors unit in Asia and two each in the Asian and European building-efficiencies group. It expects to complete the restructuring within 12 months. The company also announced that it planned to stop molding noncore plastics, instead concentrating in-house production on proprietary parts such as interior panels and door panels. That decision is expected to cut 500 jobs, with the work going to outside suppliers.
RadioShack Corp. announced that the company plans to reduce its workforce by approximately 400 to 450 positions across its various support functions. This move will reduce the company's overhead expense and improve its long-term competitive position in the marketplace. Most of RadioShack's planned reductions will affect positions at its headquarters operation. The reduction will include employees at all levels. RadioShack will notify affected employees by early September.
Planar Systems Inc. announced its expansion into the specialty home theater market. Accompanying this announcement is Planar's introduction of its first home theater product, the Planar Xscreen. Recently, Planar announced new strategic initiatives aimed at increasing long-term shareholder value through expanding and enhancing top-line revenue growth and profitability over time. Planar's new Home Theater business unit is an integral part of the company's strategy to provide high-value solutions spanning multiple specialty display markets. Specifically, the company's Home Theater initiative addresses an identified opportunity to establish Planar as the top display choice of home theater industry professionals and theater enthusiasts who are looking for superior performance, design and support in a comprehensive line of display products. The Planar Home Theater business unit is headed by Scott Hix, who assumes the role of vice president and general manager after being appointed Planar's vice president of business development earlier this year. Replacing Hix as Planar's VP of business development is Brad Gleeson, bringing more than 20 years of flat-panel experience to Planar's new strategic focus and the position. Rounding out the latest executive-level additions to the specialty display solution leader is Jim Davis as global head of sales for Planar's Home Theater unit, who has spent more than 20 years in the consumer electronics industry and the past five years in the specialty home theater market.
Urban Outfitters Inc. reported earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended July 31, 2006. For the second quarter, the company reported net income of $25,662,000 or $0.15 per diluted share on net sales of $285,559,000 against net income of $30,601,000 or $0.18 per diluted share on net sales of $253,392,000 for the same period last year.For the six months, the company reported net income of $45,961,000 or $0.27 per diluted share on net sales of $555,566,000 against net income of $58,041,000 or $0.34 per diluted share on net sales of $484,717,000 for the same period last year.Factors driving this increase over the prior year period were a 29% increase in the number of stores in operation resulting in new and non-comparable store sales increases of $36.2 million. A 64% jump in Free People wholesale sales and an 11% gain in direct-to-consumer sales. The Company plans to open a total of 35-38 new stores in the current fiscal year, including 3-5 new Free People stores. During the first six months of fiscal year 2006, the Company has opened 13 new stores.
Northwest Airlines Corp. to cut 85 ground jobs are being cut at North Dakota's four major airports by the end of the year as the bankrupt airline tries to reduce operating costs. Northwest is eliminating ground crews at about 70 smaller airports across the country, with plans to contract with private companies to fill those positions. The airline will retain its own staff at 40 airports that have 50 or more Northwest flights per week.
Crown Holdings Inc. celebrated the opening of its new CROWN Maghreb Can facility in Tunis, Tunisia with a special ceremony. The 15,000 square meter plant produces 33cl and slim 24 and 25cl aluminum beverage cans at an annual capacity of 635 million for the growing North African market. The new Tunisia facility serves as a symbol of Crown's commitment to the future economic vitality of this important region, comments Conway. Packaging suppliers play an integral role in the growth and long-term success of consumer products companies in emerging markets. The two companies Crown Holdings Inc., and Algosaibi & Bros. each hold a 50% share in the CROWN Maghreb Can facility.
HEALTHSOUTH Corp. announced it plans to shed its outpatient rehabilitation clinics, surgery centers and diagnostic division to focus on inpatient intensive care, an area where it is making the largest share of revenue. But it shelved the idea of coming up with a new name to replace the one that was marred during an accounting scandal that resulted in guilty pleas, layoffs and a sharply lower stock price.
HealthSouth Corp., taking another step in its recovery from an accounting scandal that pushed the company to the brink of bankruptcy, will try to sell or spin off its outpatient-rehabilitation and surgery units in hopes of shrinking its debt and sharpening its focus on the fragmented market for inpatient-rehabilitation services. Executives of the company wouldn't say how much they hope to fetch for the two businesses or a diagnostic-imaging operation previously put on the block. The move "represents the final stages of our repositioning of HealthSouth," Jay Grinney, HealthSouth's chief executive, said in an interview. HealthSouth has retained Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to advise the company on its divestiture plans.
Talbots Inc. announced that it will close its customer service and catalog call center in Hingham, a move that will cost 150 jobs. The move is part of the company's restructuring process following the $517 million acquisition in May of J. Jill Group Inc. Customer service calls for both companies will be handled by call centers in Knoxville, Tenn., and Tilton, N.H.
Procter & Gamble Co. is seeking buyers for Sure after conducting a portfolio review of its deodorant business, according to two people familiar with the matter. Though its sales including Wal-Mart, club and dollar stores could easily top $70 million, Sure is a relatively low priority in a P&G portfolio led by Secret, Old Spice and younger deodorant brands such as Tag. In food, drug and mass merchandisers, Sure's sales fell 8 percent to $37.8 million in the 52 weeks ended July 16, and the brand shed 0.3 share points as the $1.1 billion category grew 1 percent, according to Information Resources Inc. Based on the $420 million sale price P&G received for the Gillette brands, which had sales of $275 million, Sure could fetch more than $100 million. P&G declined to comment. The company conducted a portfolio review before closing its Gillette acquisition last year, according to an executive familiar with the process. Sure subsequently got a last chance to prove itself with ads from WPP Group's Grey Worldwide, New York, showing a bloodhound who couldn't find the scent of his target thanks to the brand's performance. Yet sales and share continued to slide.
Sears Holdings Corp. will close a West Side distribution center with 122 employees Aug. 25. The building at 4533 Fisher Rd., is one of five nationwide that handle apparel and other fashion goods.
F5 Networks Inc. announced the opening of the F5 Technology Center. Located in the heart of F5's Seattle headquarters, the Technology Center provides new and existing customers and partners with the opportunity to evaluate, test and validate the value F5 products provide for applications developed by F5's iControl and Technology Alliance partners such as Microsoft, SAP, HP, RSA Security and Oracle.
SunPower Corp. inaugurated its advanced, automated solar panel manufacturing plant, located in the Philippines near to the company's SPML solar cell factory. SunPower expects to produce up to 30 MW (megawatts) of solar panels per year from its first manufacturing line in the new plant. The production facility has sufficient space to expand capacity to 90 MW per year.
The Daily Deal reported that Selling off pieces of its business to multiple buyers appears to be the most likely outcome for Bisys Group Inc. as the troubled outsourcing services provider explores strategic alternatives. Bisys Group late Thursday, August 10, said CEO Russell Fradin would be leaving the company just two-and-a-half-years after he was hired to turn the company around amidst accounting issues. It also announced the hiring of Bear, Stearns & Co. to explore strategic alternatives. Analsy have reported that the company might find it hard to get buyers for the whole company.
General Motors Corp. (GM) is trying to sell an auto parts stamping plant slated for closure, but there is no guarantee the property will continue to be used for manufacturing, a GM spokesman said on August 15th. GM is moving forward with plans to close the plant in West Mifflin by the end of next year and is exploring what to do with the site after that, including possibly selling it, GM spokesman Dan Flores said. Union officials, however, expressed optimism that selling the plant could save its 400 manufacturing jobs.
Dollar General Corp. announced the opening of its new store in east Platteville on August 19, 2006. The 8,492-square-foot building employs six to 10 people.
Lockheed Martin Corp. kicked off construction of a new office building in Huntsville. The new facility will expand the corporation's Huntsville Operations business unit on Bradford Drive. Construction of the 166,000-square-foot office building is scheduled to begin later this month, subject to final negotiations between Lockheed Martin and Sunnyvale II development group of Huntsville. The new facility will be the eighth building in the Lockheed Martin 80-acre campus on Bradford Drive in Research Park.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced new completed store building, at Walnut Grove Avenue and Rush Street. The 251,000-square-foot store is expected to provide jobs for nearly 600 people, 40% of which are likely from Rosemead. This one-stop shopping destination is a necessity for a city like Rosemead.
American Eagle Outfitters Inc. reported earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended July 29, 2006. For the quarter, the company reported net income of $72,099,000 or $0.47 per diluted share on net sales of $602,326,000 against net income of $58,019,000 or $0.37 per diluted share on net sales of $515,868,000 for the same period a year ago. Included in the second quarter 2006 earnings per diluted share of $0.47 is $0.01 per share of stock option expense, which was not included last year.For the six months ended July 29, 2006, the company reported net income of $136,255,000 or $0.89 per diluted share on net sales of $1,124,754,000 against net income of $113,292,000 or $0.72 per diluted share on net sales of $972,345,000 for the same period a year ago.The company provides earnings guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2007. The company expects third quarter earnings to be in the range of $0.52 to $0.54 cents per share, compared to $0.47 per share last year. The third quarter earnings guidance includes stock option expense of approximately $0.01 per share. For the year, stock option expense is expected to be approximately $0.04-$0.05 per share.The company expects to have a total of about 20 MARTIN + OSA stores opened by the end of 2007.
Ford Motor Co. announced a plan in January - a plan that included eliminating 4,000 salaried jobs, as many as 30,000 hourly positions and closing more than a dozen plants - didn't go far enough fast enough.
Huntsman Corp. announced plans for a 50,000 MTE expansion of its flagship titanium dioxide manufacturing facility at Greatham, U.K., bringing the facility's annual capacity to 150,000 MTE. The expansion will be based upon Huntsman's proprietary ICON chloride technology and is the second significant project at the Greatham site since Huntsman acquired the TiO2 business in 1999. The company expects the new capacity to be operational in the second half of 2007 and fully completed in early 2008.
Tween Brands Inc. announced that the company could add 150 to 200 new Limited Too stores over the next five years. It plans to open seven Limited Too locations in the back half of the year, as well as 42 to 47 new Justice stores.
Mitcham Industries Inc. reported that as part of its ongoing expansion plans it has acquired a 720-channel, 9,000-meter Sercel Seal system for its lease pool of marine seismic equipment. The exportable marine streamer system has already been leased by a major geophysical contractor and will immediately be deployed. Sercel's Seal System is generally believed to be the geophysical contracting industry's system of choice for marine-towed arrays. Flexible architecture, reduced power consumption and fully distributed electronics enables the system to be tailored to the changing demands of sophisticated and complex marine surveys.
Payless Shoesource Inc. announced that it is launching a new store format, called fashion lab, with six stores of its kind now located in premier shopping locations like New York City's Fifth Avenue, the Mall of America, Minneapolis, Minn., and other high-fashion malls throughout the U.S. Four more Payless stores with the fashion lab format are expected by year end. The new Payless fashion lab stores redefine self-select shoe shopping by delivering a fun, inspiring shopping experience featuring an upscale specialty retail environment with the latest on-trend footwear and accessory fashions at traditional Payless value prices.
Rewards Network Inc. has added Murray Bros. Caddyshack restaurant in Myrtle Beach, S.C., to its network of thousands of restaurants across North America. As part of Rewards Network, the Myrtle Beach location will benefit from a variety of marketing services to connect the restaurant with diners, including web pages on the Rewards Network site, inclusion in member welcome kits and pocket directories, print mailings, and targeted emails to Rewards Network members in the area. In addition, it will receive detailed customer intelligence reports, including member ratings and feedback, to help the restaurant better understand its customers and enable it to remain competitive.
Three months after Verizon confirmed it wanted to sell its local telephone lines in New Hampshire, Maine and Vermont, the company said it is considering several offers. Verizon said FairPoint Communications Inc. is one of several companies interested in buying the local networks. Union officials say CenturyTel Inc. and Citizens Communications Co. also are interested, but Verizon officials would not confirm those names. Company spokesman Erle Pierce said a sale isn't certain, but if it one goes through it would not mean huge job losses, because employees would be needed to maintain the existing lines.'There is no deal and talks fall through all the time. Right now there is just a buyer and seller and any speculation is premature,' Pierce said. 'The unions are active in putting out a fear that if Verizon leaves the state New Hampshire will be on an 'information dirt road.' That's just not so. I don't think (state regulators) would allow that to happen.'
Hewitt Associates has added a healthcare consulting arm to its business. Healthcare Consulting will cover areas such as absence and stress management, health and wellbeing services, health audits and health benefit reviews. It can also be used to help employers develop and implement health management strategies. The company announced that Healthcare Consulting will be headed up by James Kenrick.
BPZ Energy is mulling plans to expand its prospective 160MW Nueva Esperanza power plant project in northwest Peru's Tumbes department by another 80MW. Specifically, BPZ is considering the addition of a third 80MW turbine to the plant as a result of Ecuador's recent energy shortage, which has prompted the country's government to negotiate the transfer of electricity with neighboring Peru. The plant, which would use natural gas from BPZ's offshore Z-1 block, will take roughly one year to construct and engineering works for the expansion could begin in one year's time.
Borders Group Inc. will open a two-level, 24,418-square-foot store in Burlington, Mass., in the middle of September. The store's location will be in the Wayside Commons, at 6 Wayside Road. The new site was selected based on a variety of factors, including consumer demographics, the strength of the co-tenants, traffic patterns, the availability of parking, visibility and the overall attractiveness of the new site. The Burlington store will be the 15th Borders store to open in Massachusetts. The opening of this new store is expected to create more than 40 jobs in the local community.
Briggs & Stratton Corp. announced that it will lay off 146 workers at its mid-Missouri plant in Rolla, citing a seasonal downturn in business for the power tool and small-engine maker.
ConAgra Foods Inc. bought a 27-acre site in Railhead Fort Worth with plans for a $75 million, 400-job expansion. The company built a 420,000-square-foot distribution center in 2001 and a 304,500-square-foot refrigerated warehouse in 2004 at Railhead, a rail-served industrial park in North Fort Worth.
Eli Lilly & Co. announced that it is on schedule with the construction of its insulin cartridge and pen manufacturing plant in Manassas. The 300,000-square-foot Manassas plant at Innovation@Prince William Technology Park in the western portion of the county is expected to be complete in 2009. Construction was delayed in 2005 because of rising building supply and labor costs.
Sanmina-SCI Corp. has cut about 50 jobs in Huntsville as it deals with a federal probe and the threat of having its stock delisted. Most of the job cuts involved engineering and administrative positions. A nine-year employee, Tobias Price, said the layoff was unexpected.
Boeing Co. announced that it will shut down its in-flight broadband service, Connexion by Boeing, by the end of the year. The decision was not unexpected - Boeing previously disclosed it was reviewing the money-losing unit's future. Back in June, Boeing was rumored to be considering a Connexion shutdown (TelecomWeb news break, June 22), and four days later the company confirmed those rumors - which led to the announcement saying Connexion is disconnecting. Last month, Boeing warned industry watchers that if it did shut down the failing unit, it would have to take a write-off of as much as $350 million.
AnnTaylor Stores Corp. reported earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended July 29, 2006. The company reported that for the second quarter ended July 29, 2006, net income reached $43.2 million, or $0.59 per share on a diluted basis. This compares to net income of $7.1 million, or $0.10 per share on a diluted basis in the second quarter of fiscal 2005. The Company's net sales for the quarter totaled $610.0 million, up 19.9% from $508.7 million for the same period last year. For the first six months, the Company's net income more than tripled to $82.2 million, or $1.13 per share on a diluted basis. This compares to net income of $24.1 million, or $0.33 per share on a diluted basis, for the same period last year. Net sales for the 2006 six-month period totaled $1.2 billion, up 18.4% from $985.1 million in the same period last year.The Company expects comparable store sales for the second half of 2006 to increase in the low single-digit range over 2005, which would result in a comparable store sales increase for the full year 2006 in the mid-single-digit range over 2005. The Company now expects its fully diluted earnings per share for the year to be in a range of $2.05-$2.10 with opportunity for most of the earnings increase in the second half coming in the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of stock option expense, expected earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2006 would be in the range of $2.11 to $2.16. This represents a 67-71% increase over 2005's $1.26 in diluted earnings per share on an operating basis.  For the full year, the Company plans to open approximately 55-60 LOFT stores, 10 Ann Taylor stores, and 5 Ann Taylor Factory Stores, implying total net square footage growth of approximately 7%.
Deluxe Corp. announced that it will close its Syracuse, N.Y., customer service call center as part of the check printer and business-services provider's previously announced plan to streamline its operations and reduce costs. The facility, which employs 260 people, is expected to close during the first quarter of 2007. The company said it does not expect significant costs from the closure.
Boeing Co.'s Long Beach aircraft plant are expecting bad news about the fate of the C-17 cargo plane and their jobs. The company is expected to tell subcontractors to stop producing parts and supplies for the massive cargo plane because Congress has not funded enough orders to keep the line going past 2008. Boeing has been spending millions of dollars to keep the supply line full, hoping Congress would order hundreds more C-17s. The Air Force has already said it does not need more than the 180 already on order, but lawmakers have been pushing hard to keep the plane in production.
General Motors Corporation announced that it plans to build its updated Camaro muscle car at its assembly facility in Oshawa, Ont. The company is also expected to announce plans to make a multi-million dollar investment at its Oshawa site that will turn it into a so-called flexible manufacturing facility centered on making rear-wheel drive cars. The plan would lay the groundwork for the future of the site and provide greater job security for some 6,000 unionized workers.
Deere and Co. announced that majority of the remaining 200-strong workforce at Woodstock plant will leave the factory for the last time when production there ends August 31. The company said that all plant employees should have their permanent layoff notices. Production at the Woodstock plant is shifting to factories in Dubuque and Davenport, Iowa. The closure is the result of a decision to consolidate the company's forestry division following a 2005 review of Deere operations.
Lockheed Martin Corp. announced that a division of it will open an office in Frederick that should employ more than 500 people by 2008. The headquarters of Lockheed Martin Transportation and Security Systems will remain in Rockville. Lockheed's TSS division focuses on aviation management, border and transportation security and electronic data management systems for government agencies. More than 100 employees will be relocated to the Frederick office in 2006 fall, and plans call for more than 500 to be based there by the end of 2008. The office will be located in the former Debtworks building in the Ballenger Center.
Owens-Illinois Inc. officially opened its $20 million headquarters in Perrysburg, giving the Toledo suburb its first Fortune 500 firm. The new office, combined with three existing buildings O-I has in Levis Park near I-475 and State Rt.25.
Six Flags Inc. on August 18th sent potential buyers detailed financial information on six of its amusement parks, including Magic Mountain in Valencia, after signaling its intention to sell the properties in a single transaction. When the company announced in June that it might sell the parks to reduce its $2.1-billion debt, it listed options including selling one or more to theme park operators or dismantling the attractions and unloading the properties to real estate developers. The CEO of Six Flags, Mark Shapiro said that he would like to sell all six parks as a package, reducing the likelihood that Magic Mountain and neighboring Hurricane Harbor Water Park would be picked off by a local builder eager to blanket the land with homes. Shapiro added that Six Flags might keep the parks if it didn't get a good enough price.
WW Grainger Inc. announced that it has opened an expanded 3,000-square-foot showroom at 5000 Northeast Parkway that is now the company's largest showroom in North Texas. The location serves facilities-maintenance professionals, electrical contractors and manufacturers. Grainger reported it is also planning to open a 2,500-square-foot branch at 300 Vickery Blvd. next year. That showroom will serve property-management and commercial and retail customers. Grainger has reported it wants to add three new locations, move three existing centers and increase its total square footage by 50% in Dallas-Fort Worth. Grainger locations here are supported by the company’s 350,000-square-foot distribution center in Roanoke.
ConocoPhillips is reported to be launching a study into the Ekofisk oil and gas field, one of the largest discovered in the Norwegian North Sea, with an eye to extending the life of the field and increasing the amount of oil and gas recovered. Upstream reports that the company believe new technology can be employed at the field, which has been producing since 1971, that would increase the total oil and gas recovered from the field. ConocoPhillips' possible investment in Ekofisk could reach up to $2 billion depending upon the results of the study.
RadioShack will cut its workforce by approximately 400 to 450 positions across various support functions in order to reduce overhead expenses and improve its competitive position in the marketplace. The company says the cuts will include employees at all levels at its headquarters operation.
General Motors Corporation announced that its Oshawa plant will produce the sleek, updated version of its Chevrolet Camaro the automaker hopes will lure in new, young buyers and bring back those with nostalgic thoughts of the classic car. Workers at the plant east of Toronto cheered the sight of the sleek, cherry red sports car, since the long-awaited news gives the plant new life. Along with the new production line, GM is investing $740 million into the facility to make it a flexible manufacturing plant that will be able to quickly shift gears to churn out different vehicles depending on demand.
Onyx Software has laid off a substantial number of its more than 250 employees in Bellevue following its acquisition by M2M Holdings this month. Layoff notices went out with cuts to research and development, sales and marketing, investor relations and other departments. Onyx is now a business unit of Made2Manage Systems, a privately held enterprise-software and services company based in Indianapolis and backed by Battery Ventures and Thoma Cressey Equity Partners. The restructuring includes closing Onyx's research-and-development department and moving that work to Bangalore, India, to lower costs. Restructured Onyx for profitability and stability in order to align the company with the current status of the market.M2M named Tom Millay as acting general manager, replacing Chief Executive Janice Anderson. Chief Financial Officer Robert Chamberlain left after the merger.
Oracle Corp. plans to invest $15 million in fiscal year 2007 to strengthen its partner network in Latin America. Oracle currently has nearly 1,550 partners in the region, and through the plan the company intends to train distribution channels in Latin America. Investment will be mainly used to train these partners in specific segments of the industry as well as in software certification.
Georgia-Pacific LLC has given the go-ahead for the construction of a through-air-dried (TAD) paper machine at its Wauna plant. The $200 million investment is part of the Atlanta-based group's previously announced investments to further strengthen its commitment to being the leading supplier of premium paper towel and bath tissue products. Construction will begin in late August, 2006 and the paper machine is scheduled to start up by the end of 2007. The machine will increase the company's production of premium towels in order to meet the growing demand for both branded and private label products.
Sento Corp., facing the loss of a major client, plans to lay off more than 100 employees or about a third of its Downtown Albuquerque call center workers at the end of August. Sento has received about $1 million in training-cost reimbursements through the state's Job Training Incentive Program, managed by the state Economic Development Department. The company announced that employees who handled a contract with DirecTV would be let go at the end of the month.
Dell Inc. has quietly pulled the plug on its DJ Ditty music players, less than a year after the launched the device to compete with Apple Computer Inc.'s iPod Shuffle. The company stopped selling the Ditty on Aug. 17.
EI DuPont de Nemours & Co. announced a production expansion of DuPont Tedlar polyvinyl fluoride (PVF) film. The new facility, with an estimated investment of $50 million, is scheduled for completion by 2007. The company also announced the launch of DuPont Tedlar PV2100 Series films, part of an extended product line used in the protective backsheets of solar panels, which are critical to the efficiency, lifetime and overall operation of the panels. DuPont Tedlar PV2100 Series films provide increased dimensional stability, tear and abrasion resistance and higher reflectance, which improves output and efficiency. The newly announced expansion has begun at DuPont's Fayetteville, N.C., facility. The business also continues to expand its manufacturing capacity at other sites in Louisville, Ky., and Buffalo, N.Y. Coupled with additional expansions for other DuPont photovoltaic materials, DuPont's total planned investment is more than $100 million.
The F-35 Lightning II was unveiled at Lockheed Martin in Fort Worth. With the design work nearly complete, some employees and contractors are transitioning off the program. Now that much of the design work on the F-35 Lightning II fighter jet has been completed, Lockheed Martin has begun to lay off some of the engineers and other technical workers assigned to the development program. Over the next few months, about 300 positions are expected to be declared surplus and eliminated, including employees and contractors. The planned layoffs had not been disclosed, but a formal note to employees was issued at the Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Co. plant in west Fort Worth. With the majority of F-35 engineering design elements complete, the program has begun to shift from development to production, with some employees and contractors who supported the F-35's peak design period now transitioning off the program.
Parker-Hannifin Corp. announced that it is investing more than $3.5 million to increase capacity in its New Haven operation, where it plans to create 60 new jobs by the end of 2006. The company will employ more than 960 in New Haven by the end of December 2006. The company purchased the building at 10801 Rose Ave. in 2001. The 60 additional jobs will be primarily assembly positions, with some manufacturing and logistics jobs. The planned $3.5 million investment will buy more equipment used to manufacture valves.
Procter & Gamble Co. opens new electric shaver factory. New electric shavers that are now a big hit in the United States will hit the shelves in supermarkets, gas stations and drug stores across all of Europe - and all will have been manufactured in Procter and Gamble's new factory in Nowy Jozefow in Lodz. The Fusion Power razors are hybrid five-blade traditional razors combined with a battery-powered motor that induces vibrations.
Dynamic Materials Corp., will expand its Mt. Braddock manufacturing facility and create at least 30 jobs within three years and retain 63 existing employees in Fayette County.
Payless Shoesource Inc. reported earnings results for the six months ended July 29, 2006. For the six months, the company reported net earnings of $68.5 million and earnings per share of $1.01 compared to net earnings of $50.1 million and earnings per share of 74 cents in the first six months of 2005, a 36% increase in earnings per share year-to-date. Same-store sales increased 1.3%. The company will open a design studio in New York by the end of the year. It moved its international office this month from Taipei, Taiwan, to Shenzhen, China, closer to the factories where Payless buys most of its shoes. The company also plans to open a western distribution center in 2007. The center will serve the area west of the Rocky Mountains. During fiscal year 2006, the company intends to open about 70 new stores and close about 70.The company also intends to relocate about 120 stores.
The CEO of Medtronic Inc., Art Collins, has said that the company is not for sale. Rumors have been circulating among investors that Johnson & Johnson was looking to buy Medtronic. "We do not comment on rumors," Collins told shareholders after he was asked about them during a meeting. He added, however, that the company is not for sale.
CIBER Inc. announced the opening of two additional CIBERsites(R) facilities in Dallas, Texas, and Phoenix, Ariz. CIBERsites(R) are CIBER's outsourcing centers which offer business and government clients information technology (IT) operations services (such as help desk and call center functions or IT hosting services) and application development and management services, both onshore and offshore. The new facilities are required as a result of significant growth in all areas of CIBERsites(R) business, including $9 million in new business.
Dow Jones & Co. has put six of its community newspapers on the auction block. Dow Jones could receive about $300 million from a sale. The company aims to push deeper into electronic media while taking advantage of a one-time tax break. Dow Jones will auction six titles from its Ottaway Community Newspapers division.
DuPont will expand its production of solar energy-related technology and launch a new one, at a total investment of $100 million. The company will ramp up production of its Tedlar polyvinyl fluoride film at a $50 million facility scheduled for completion in 2007. Production of photovoltaic materials, which convert sunlight into electricity via a chemical reaction, will also increase at DuPont. The company also announced the launch of DuPont Tedlar PV2100 series films, part of an extended product line used in the protective (backing) of solar panels.
Tecumseh Products Co. announced that 450 employees will face layoffs in late October 2006. The layoffs scheduled for October 27, 2006. The company cited current business conditions and the stopping of some operations in New Holstein.
American Eagle Outfitters Inc. launched a new line of loungewear and intimate apparel called aerie, which targets women 15 to 25. AE opened its first stand-alone aerie store this month and plans to open two more by year's end.
AT&T Inc. is the lead candidate to build a citywide wireless network for Springfield, Ill., marking the company's first success in the developing market to blanket municipalities with ubiquitous Internet access. As with a growing number of municipal wireless projects, the Springfield network's users will be given a choice of free access supported by advertisements or paying a daily or monthly fee for a connection without ads. AT&T also plans to sell the wireless capability as an add-on service for residential and business customers who already pay for DSL online access over the company's local telephone network.
Hyatt Hotels Corporation announced the opening of its StayFit@Hyatt 24/7 gyms. Guests at properties across North America and the Caribbean are now able to access the gyms, which feature state-of-the-art Life Fitness equipment, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
EI DuPont de Nemours & Co. announced that it plans to invest more than $100 million to expand capacity of DuPont Nomex, a flame-resistant, high-temperature fiber. The company announce that the investment will cover a three-part expansion that is scheduled to begin rolling out in phases later this year. Nomex is used in protective gear or equipment for industrial or military purposes.
Playboy Enterprises Inc. announced that it is set for a roll out in 13 states of the country by next month. The Playboy innerware range, including bikini briefs, T-briefs, classic briefs, boxer shorts, and sleevless undershirts will be launched in 13 states next month.
St. Jude Medical Inc. is cutting 30 management employees in the Twin Cities as part of a move to combine its cardiac surgery and cardiology divisions. Most of the job cuts will come in finance, marketing and human resources because management infrastructure is needed for just one division.
Convergys Corp. announced that its call center in Moore will to grow by 220 jobs by early September as the company expands the customer service work it does for DirecTV Inc. The new jobs will bring employment at the center to about 1,350 people. It is seeking both part-time and full-time workers in shifts that are primarily in the evenings.
Workers at a Ford Motor Co. stamping plant have agreed to work rule and other changes that will make the plant more efficient. United Auto Workers members at the Woodhaven Stamping Plant south of Detroit agreed to the changes in what is called a 'competitive operating agreement'. UAW Local 387 represents about 1,500 workers at the plant, which makes door panels, fenders, floor pans, hoods, quarter panels, roofs and tailgates. The agreement, which comes while the current UAW contract with Ford is in effect, allows Ford to offer more buyout packages to workers at Woodhaven.The company has announced plans to close eight plants by the end of 2008 and a total of 14 by 2012 as part of its restructuring plan. The company is working on accelerating the restructuring and may announce more plant closures next month. So far, Ford has announced plans to close plants in Wixom; St. Paul, Minn.; Norfolk, Va.; St. Louis, Mo.; Atlanta, Ga.; Batavia, Ohio; and Windsor, Ontario by the end of 2008. The company said the closures will reduce its North American manufacturing capacity by 26%. The company will offer buyouts to workers at the plants, which will be closed to bring Ford's production capacity more in line with demand for its products. The company plans to cut 12,000 hourly jobs with buyouts and through attrition by the end of the year.
ConocoPhillips Indonesia plans to sell its assets in Ujung Pangkah gas block in Madura, East Java, as the venture is considered not profitable, an official said. The block is expected to start producing gas next years delayed from the original schedule this year, the official, who refused to be identified said. Head of the Upstream Oil and Gas Regulatory Agency Kardaya Warnika said the delay was caused by difficulty in finding a rig for drilling. PLN already signed a contract to buy its gas output, the official said. Director of upstream oil and gas development at the Oil and Gas Directorate General Priyono said CononoPhilip had indicated its plan to sell the asset.
RadioShack Corp. laid off 403 employees at its Fort Worth headquarters. In a series of meetings, company officials explained the method of layoff notification would be e-mail.
Mosaic Co., a subsidiary of the Cargil, opened on August 29, 2006, a new plant at its complex in Punta Quebracho, in the Argentine central province Santa Fe. The project has an area of 25 ha and required an investment of $20 million (€16 million) and another $7.0 million(€5.46 million) will be spent to increase the plant's output in about a year.
Ford Motor Co. announced that it will increase the buyouts being offered to 325 of the 1,500 workers at the U.S. automaker's Woodhaven Stamping Plant. Exactly how many more than 325 workers will be given buyouts has not been disclosed. The company announced that the buyouts would be phased in throughout next year.
Borders Group Inc. will open a 20,346- square-foot store in Meriden, Conn. this October. The store will be in the Westfield Shoppingtown Meriden, located at 470 Lewis Ave., at the intersection of Interstates 91 and 691.
Home Depot Inc. announced that it is cutting about 300 jobs at its headquarters. The company has 5,400 people working at its Atlanta headquarters, so the cuts represent about 5.5% of the workforce there.
RadioShack Corp. notified about 400 workers by e-mail that they were being dismissed immediately as part of planned job cuts. Employees at the Fort Worth headquarters got messages saying the work force reduction notification is currently in progress. Unfortunately your position is one that has been eliminated.
Peabody Energy Corp. announced plans for a $2 billion power plant in southern Illinois after getting federal approval for an emissions permit that environmentalists could continue to challenge. The ruling by an Environmental Protection Agency appeals board last week affirms the issuance of the permit by Illinois' EPA for the proposed Prairie State Energy Campus.
IAC/InterActiveCorp announced that its PRC business unit will open a customer service call center in suburban Englewood with 500 employees, mostly new hires. Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based PRC will begin hiring and training in September. PRC handles outsourced customer service for other companies, taking calls for travel reservations, product information, sales or other requests. The company plans to start hiring at a job fair in mid-September and expects to have 500 employees in a matter of months. The company will lease an existing building in Englewood. PRC will open a similar call center in Austin, Texas, at about the same time.
Boeing Co. announced that it is laying off 120 workers at Port San Antonio as work on two projects concludes. The 50 Boeing employees and 70 contractors have been given notices of the layoffs, which take effect at the end of October.
Verizon Communications Inc. announced that it has expanded its Verizon FiOS suite of Internet services to Redmond. FiOS services are now available to 215 customers in Redmond's Education Hill area, with more homes to be added weekly. The company already has passed 7,700 of the 12,000 homes it will reach with its FTTP (fiber to the premises) network by year-end in the city. The company is offering several tiers of FiOS Internet Service with downstream (download) speeds of up to 5, 15 and 30 Mbps and upstream (upload) speeds of up to 5 Mbps.
Openwave Systems Inc. announced that it will streamline its management team with the elimination of four senior management level positions and reduce its worldwide staff by approximately 65 people. The senior management level positions affected include the chief marketing officer, chief administrative officer, chief operating officer and chief corporate strategy and business development officer. The duties and responsibilities of the senior management positions will be assumed by existing senior management in the company's field and product organizations.
Newpark Resources Inc. announced that it plans to shut down the operations of Newpark Environmental Water Solutions, LLC, and dispose of or redeploy all of the assets used in connection with its operations.In connection with the shut down of the operations, Newpark currently expects to record a non-cash pre-tax impairment charge of approximately $20.0 million in the third quarter of 2006.The operating loss for the company during the first six months of 2006 was approximately $2.0 million and for the month of July 2006 was approximately $450,000.
Borders Group Inc. has opened a new Borders bookstore at Crossgates Mall. The store, located west of the cafe court entrance, includes a Seattle's Best Coffee Cafe in 24,000 square feet of retail space. It's the first large, general-interest bookstore at the mall since Lauriat's, which closed in 1999.
Intel Corp. announced that it may eliminate 10,000 to 20,000 jobs in a massive layoff that could be announced right after Labor Day weekend. Intel has about 100,000 employees worldwide, so the cut could affect 10% to 20% of Intel's staff -- with the greatest cuts in marketing.
Owens-Illinois Inc. announced that it will layoff 261 workers when it closes a machine parts plant by the end of the year to cut costs. The 300,000-square-foot facility, which opened in 1958, is located in Godfrey, Ill., about 20 miles north of St. Louis. Toledo, Ohio-based Owens-Illinois announced that it will outsource its machine parts manufacturing to various third-party suppliers. Production at Godfrey is expected to phase out over the next four months. Owens-Illinois employs about 30,000 people and has more than 100 manufacturing plants in 23 countries.
A major shareholder is pushing for MapInfo Corp. to actively become a takeover target for companies including Google or IBM, which have made a string of recent acquisitions. Cannell Capital LLC, which owns 6.2 percent of MapInfo's stock filed a letter with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission last week saying the company’s low valuation and the high cost of being a publicly traded company makes this a good time to be acquired.
RadioShack Corp. is closing at least 480 stores and two distribution centres and liquidating less-profitable merchandise as earnings have increased only one of the past six quarters.
Anheuser-Busch Companies Inc. announced that it is going into the online entertainment business. The company plans to launch a Web site in February that will show original programming, including extended shows featuring characters from previous television ads. The site called Bud.TV is aimed at consumers between the ages of 21 and 27 who routinely visit sites like MySpace.com and YouTube. The Web site will feature sports shows, standup comedy and reality shows that are set in bars and restaurants, said Jim Schumacker, who will oversee Bud.TV.
McDonald's Corp. opened its 31st restaurant in the commercial centre Santafe, in the northern part of the capital Bogota, Columbia. The opening of the new McDonald's in Bogota generated 60 jobs, bringing the company's total workforce in Columbia to nearly 1,000. McDonald's recently implemented an expansion plan for Colombia, but details were not available. The chain has about 60 restaurants in the Latin American country.
Trico Marine Services Inc. announced that it has reached an agreement, effective September 1, 2006, to build two GPA 640, 210' offshore supply vessels for a total cost of approximately $35 million. The vessels will have diesel electric propulsion and class 2 dynamic positioning systems. Bender Shipbuilding & Repair Co. Inc. will build the vessels at its shipyard in Mobile, Alabama, with an expected delivery date for the first vessel in March 2008 and the second vessel in July 2008. The agreement guarantees the construction costs of the vessels as well as technical specifications and contains penalties for late delivery.
Verizon Communications Inc. has introduced FiOS TV to consumers in Tewksbury, making a broad range of programming choices and superior picture quality available to more than 10,000 households. Tewksbury is one of 11 Massachusetts communities where the company's new fiber-optic television service is being offered, delivered over the only all-digital, fiber network that is being made available, on a mass scale, to millions of individual homes and businesses. FiOS TV is also available in Burlington, Hamilton, Lynnfield, North Reading, Reading, Stoneham, Wakefield, Wenham, Winchester and Woburn. The company is currently negotiating with more than 40 other communities in Massachusetts to obtain additional franchises.
Intel plans to cut costs by $5 billion over the next two years: $2 billion in 2007 and the rest in 2008. Most of the savings will come from changes in the company's global workforce. The company will cut its workforce to 95,000 by the end of 2006, and to 92,000 by mid-2007. According to its financial report for the second quarter, Intel has 102,500 employees worldwide. Most of the layoffs in 2006 will be among management, marketing, and information technology personnel. In 2007, streamlining-driven measures will include improving production procedures, better use of equipment, eliminating organizational redundancies, and improving product design methods and procedures. Intel did not disclose where the layoffs will take place, nor did it mention investment in development or the strengthening of existing facilities. The company said detailed plans would be released on October 17, when it will finalize its results for the third quarter.
Visteon Corp. has laid off about 140 workers from its eastern Indiana plant following production cutbacks at Ford Motor Co., its largest customer. The layoffs took effect on September 8, 2006 and more could be made by the end of the year. The Connersville Visteon plant has lost about 2,500 jobs in the past several years. It had about 1,330 hourly and salaried workers in May. The layoffs come after contract talks last year raised worries about the plant's future before union members approved a new two-year contract.
Lawson Products Inc. announced that President and COO Jeffrey B. Belford, will retire on January 5, 2006 after more than 26 years with the organization. EVP Thomas Neri will assume the role of COO effective immediately. The company also announced it will streamline its distribution processes to improve efficiencies and has upgraded several components of its information systems. These actions have resulted in the pending departure of approximately 40 employees who will leave the company between now and the end of 2006.
Wolverine Tube Inc. said it ended all discussions of a possible merger, as the offers were not sufficiently definitive. The company said it might resume "business combination" talks if it receives more definitive indications of interest.
Interactive Intelligence Inc. has opened a new regional office in Irvine, California to provide West Coast customers and resellers better access to service and sales support for its contact center automation and enterprise IP telephony software solutions. The new 3,700 square foot facility is equipped with high-tech training and demonstration centers, and is located at Park Place in the Prudential building, 3333 Michelson Dr., Suite 260. The Irvine office will officially open Sept. 7, during which the company will host tours and product demonstrations from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m. for customers, partners and prospects.
Verizon Communications Inc. announced that it is to be introduced in 48 rural communities in Illinois, in the US, for business customers and consumers. The Verizon Online DSL service will be made available to Ashton, Ava, Bellmont, Brimfield, Capron, Chatsworth, Chrisman, Clay City, Colfax, Creal Springs, Cypress, Dakota, Elkhart, Enfield, Evansville, Galva, Grand Ridge, Greenfield, Ladd, McLean, McLeansboro, Meredosia, Monroe Center and Murrayville. The DSL service will also be introduced to New Holland, Noble, Norris City, Odell, Palestine, Paulton, Pearl City, Piper City, Raleigh, Saybrook, Shabbona, Shirland, Stanford, St. Francisville, Stonefort, Sumner, Toluca, Walnut, Washburn/Low Point, Wayne City, Wenona, West Salem, Willow Hill and Wyoming. The company has already started upgrading its network and intends to introduce the broadband service to customers in stages, later in 2006 and in 2007, enabling users to gain from its high-speed Internet access and other new services.
AngioDynamics Inc. announced the facility expansion. The expansion project will consist of a 36,000 square foot Warehouse and Distribution Center, which will accommodate the Company's increasing number of employees and provide a foundation for future growth of the organization. The expansion is scheduled to be completed in the spring of 2007.
Ovation Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Cardinal Health Inc. announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued an approval letter for Cardinal Health's new sterile facility in North Raleigh, N.C. to manufacture Panhematin (hemin for injection), an Ovation biologic therapy used to treat acute porphyria, a rare genetic disorder. Panhematin is the first drug to be approved by the FDA for commercial production at the new facility. The manufacturing relationship with Cardinal Health is part of Ovation's ongoing global commitment to ensure that patients suffering from severe illnesses have access to life-saving therapies. In addition, Ovation is making investments to support drug substance manufacturing.
Intel Corp. is likely to result in the closure of the company's Cyberjaya site in Malaysia. The Business Times has learnt that the Cyberjaya office could be one of the casualties of the rationalisation effort which is being touted as the largest it has carried out since the 1980s, in a bid to contend with tougher competition and slower personal computer sales.
Baldor Electric Co. announced plans to expand its manufacturing facilities in Columbus, Miss., and Oshkosh, Wis. Baldor has also added the Boreham Learning Center in Fort Smith, which features an auditorium that seats 115. The company says the expansions are in response to increasing and future sales growth.
Cynosure Inc. announced it has received CE mark approval for the Affirm(TM) system, the company's single-platform, multi-energy technology for skin rejuvenation, including treatments for wrinkles, skin texture and discoloration. This approval allows for the marketing of the Affirm system throughout the European Union, as well as many other countries worldwide.
Intel Corp. announced that it would undergo a broad restructuring exercise that could see about 10,500 jobs cut globally. The company said that it can generate savings of about USD 5 billion (CNY 18.2 billion) over the next two years through a restructuring exercise.
Pinnacle Entertainment announced that L'Auberge du Lac Hotel & Casino broke ground on a $45 million hotel tower expansion, slightly more than a year after the elegant casino resort opened to the public. The additional 250 rooms and suites will be complete in Fall 2007. The new tower will be nine stories tall and will be connected to the existing 26-story hotel tower, bringing the total number of rooms, suites and villas at L'Auberge to approximately 1,000. The hotel tower expansion project is expected to boost L'Auberge's employee count to more than 2,250. The expansion project will feature expanded retail space, a VIP lobby, VIP lounge and a VIP elevator providing private access to the tower's new luxury second floor suites. The expansion project's ground floor will feature nine luxury garden suites with private terraces. Some of the new suites will face the swimming pool area, while others will feature private outdoor spas.
Lubrizol Corp. will invest several million dollars to increase Estane thermoplastic polyurethane production capacity by about 33% at its Avon Lake, OH facility. The additional capacity is expected to be onstream in late summer 2007. Lubrizol announced that it will add Estane resin manufacturing and auxiliary equipment as part of the expansion.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. plans to open five new hotels in Hua Hin, Chiang Mai, Pattaya, Bangkok and on Samui island by 2010 to tap into Thailand's growing tourism industry. The new hotel at Hua Hin will open in January under Starwood's Sheraton brand; three hotels in Chiang Mai, Pattaya and Bangkok will operate under its Le Meridien brand in 2008; and another in Krabi will be the first hotel in Bangkok to launch its new St Regis brand. The company announced that it was likely to open 30 new hotels across Thailand within five years.
Dow Chemical Co. announced the formation of Dow Water Solutions, a business unit comprised of world-class brands and enabling component technologies designed to advance the science of desalination, water purification, contaminant removal and water recycling. The new business becomes the Company's fourth market facing business. Applying similar business models as Dow Building Solutions, Dow Automotive and Dow AgroSciences, the unit will focus on proactively meeting the needs of the Company's water industry customers by leveraging the full breadth and depth of capabilities and technologies found within its value centers and across the Company.
The digital videostore at Amazon.com Inc. is up and running, with features and pricing similar to competing Web sites. Amazon does have deals worked out with all the major studios except Disney, as well as with MGM and Lions-gate. Amazon would tie video downloads into its booming DVD business but digital sales aren't connected to DVD sales. Amazon does have a few special features including DVD-quality downloads and that consumers can purchase on one computer and download on another.
Ford Motor Co. announced that, the board will be faced this week with the option of cutting about 6,000 more jobs than previously announced as part of changes to its North American turnaround effort. The board, which meets, will have the option of cutting a total of 40,000 jobs by the end of the year.
EI DuPont de Nemours & Co. announced last month it would spend $50 million to build a factory to make solar-panel components is a sign of boom times in the solar-energy industry. The company also announced that it is spending more than $100 million to expand its businesses that supply the solar industry. That includes the announcement late last month that it will build a $50 million factory in North Carolina to increase production of Tedlar film, which is used on the backs of solar panels.
Harrah's Entertainment Inc.'s New Orleans Casino opens the doors to its 450-room hotel later this month, a development some hope will jump-start the transformation of a once-sleepy street into a new entertainment corridor. The hotel will anchor the new Fulton Street pedestrian mall, a cafe-lined strip intended to both revitalize the local tourism industry and more easily link the French Quarter to the Convention Center. The 27-story Harrah's hotel, which will begin welcoming guests Sept. 18 and will hold an official grand opening Sept. 21, has been the subject of controversy since its inception. Harrah's originally was barred from owning or operating a hotel or restaurant when it won the exclusive right in 1993 to operate a casino in downtown New Orleans. The casino was intended, then, to feed the tourism industry's existing hotels.
Symbol Technologies Inc. has announced the launch of Solution Centres throughout EMEA for channel partners, including independent software vendors (ISV) and resellers, and customers to test and validate third-party applications with Symbol products. The Solutions Validation Program will help reduce development and test costs for channel partners who will be able to provide customers with fully tested solutions that are ready to use. The first Symbol Solution Centre will open this month in the United Kingdom, and be available to Symbol partners and customers located in Europe, Middle East and Africa. The Solutions Validation Program enables both software and hardware partners to leverage Symbol's Mobility Services Platform (MSP) to accelerate deployments of their solutions and ease the ongoing maintenance and support challenges customers face. Customers can also use the Symbol Solution Centre to test their applications, whether they are developed in-house or supplied by an independent provider, to eliminate risk before the solution is deployed.
Avon Products Inc. announced that it plans to record expenses of as much as $5 million US before taxes as part of the company's attempt to increase profit by eliminating jobs. The costs are part of $500 million New York-based Avon expects to spend as it reorganizes, including cutting as many as 1,300 positions over the next several years.
Coca-Cola Co. announced that it has opened new $25 million plant in Afghan Capital. The new plant's Afghan plant can produce 15 million 24-bottle cases of the soft drink annually.
EarthLink Inc. will offer the bundled phone and DSL Internet service in Atlanta, Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, San Diego and Washington, D.C. Like traditional phone service, EarthLink's home phone service will operate during a power outage, support enhanced 911 calling, work with existing phone jacks and equipment and offer custom calling features.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is building its first Supercenter inside the Baltimore Beltway on the former site of a food distribution warehouse in Lansdowne. The store is scheduled to open in fall 2007, and Wal-Mart is actively pursuing more locations in the Baltimore and Washington metropolitan areas.
Daktronics Inc. has started assembling digital billboards in Sioux Falls. The company began pre-production at the new location this past week. The Sioux Falls building and a recently completed expansion at its Brookings headquarters is increasing Daktronics' total manufacturing capacity by about 70%. Daktronics is also using the Sioux Falls facility as a test plant for its change to lean manufacturing, in which companies emphasize reducing inventory to avoid waste and unneeded expenses.
Motorola Inc. announced it has launched the Fast Track Center, a significant expansion of the MOTODEV developer network. This new online resource center is designed to accelerate applications deployment and maximize market success for Motorola developers around the world. MOTODEV Fast Track Center provides developers with access to business and product development services as well as marketing and go-to-market programs The MOTODEV Fast Track Center offers guidance to developers for selecting and targeting the best suited geographies and market segments for their applications. This is done by providing a robust business case, offering access to critical market statistics and supplying examples that support the most appropriate and active audiences for their products.
Hewlett-Packard Co. will open a shop in the Bee-Next Hi-Tech Shopping Centre in Ho Chi Minh City. The store will sell laptops, digital entertainment products, computers, printers, paper and other printing materials.
American Power Conversion Corp. is facing pressure from a large shareholder to sell itself, saying its stock price doesn't reflect the company's "intrinsic value." Matrix Asset Advisors Inc., in a letter to the company dated Sept. 11, urged the board of the company to "critically self-assess the proper corporate structure and direction" for the company. "We believe that a change in ownership structure, either through a private equity sale or a sale to a strategic buyer, is the best way to reap the efforts of your franchise development," said Matrix in the letter. Matrix, a $1.6 billion large-cap value fund, holds about 2.38 million American Power shares, or about 1.25 percent of the outstanding stock, according to regulatory filings. A spokesman for American Power Conversion said the company has "no plans" to comment on the letter.
Cabela's Inc. will open its newest destination retail store in La Vista, Neb., just south of Omaha, on November 3, 2006. The La Vista store is Cabela's third location in its home state. Cabela's stores are known as premier shopping and tourism destinations, drawing visitors from the local area and from hundreds of miles away. The 128,000-square-foot, large-format superstore will be located on a portion of a 137-acre mixed-use development located along Interstate 80 at the Harrison Street interchange. In addition to the Cabela's retail store, the development also will feature an 80,000-square-foot convention center, hotels, restaurants and additional retail shopping. In addition to its retail stores in Kearney, Sidney and La Vista, the company has operations in Oshkosh, Grand Island and Lincoln, Neb.
Dell Inc. announced that it has picked a newly constructed office building in Eastwood City in Libis, Quezon City as the second site of its growing call center operation in the country. Dell earlier announced second site is expected to take its first customer calls in February next year.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that it would add another 500 stores to its radio frequency identification, or RFID, initiative by the end of the fiscal year, bringing the total number of stores using the technology to more than 1,000. RFID technology reduces excess inventory and inventory shortages, also known as out-of-stocks. Wal-Mart has more than 3,900 locations in the United States.
Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings Inc. announced that it has placed an order with the Boeing Company for 12 new 747-8 Freighters, valued at about $3.4 billion at list prices, with options and rights to acquire up to 14 additional aircraft. With this order, AAWW continues its market leadership by launching the next generation 747 Freighter for its customers. AAWW will begin to take delivery of the 747-8F in 2010, and expects all 12 aircraft to be in service by the end of 2011. This next generation 747 Freighter improves on the current best-in-class 747-400F with 16% more payload capacity, and with improved fuel burn.
Westlake Chemical Corp. announced that it has encountered mechanical problems with a compressor and related equipment at its Petro II ethylene unit in Lake Charles, Louisiana, resulting in an unscheduled shutdown of that unit. The company currently expects that the shutdown could continue until early October 2006. The company currently estimates further that the negative effect on operating income of the shutdown could be in the range of $20 to $25 million from lost production and maintenance repair costs.
Rackspace Ltd. reported earnings results for the second quarter and for the first half of 2006. For the quarter, the company reported revenue of $52.0 million, a 59.5% increase over the second quarter of 2005.For the half year, the company reported revenue of $97.8 million, a 58.8% increase over revenues in the first half of 2005. The company continues to achieve strong financial performance, growing significantly faster than the industry and increasing its market share. The company announced that to support the its rapid growth, the company added 105 new employees in the second quarter of 2006 and plans to hire up to 200 more during the remainder of the year.
Airvana Inc. announced that it has established a Multimedia/VoIP laboratory to test and demonstrate commercial IP-based mobile broadband 1xEV-DO Rev. A and fixed-mobile convergence systems. The VoIP Lab seeks to identify issues that may arise when voice and other multimedia data packets converge on a single network. From Quality of Service (QoS) to individual call performance, the VoIP Lab will help ensure that wireless VoIP networks run as flawlessly as possible. Current participants include AudioCodes, Brix Networks and Camiant. The VoIP Lab has three categories of testing and demonstration: applications, technical performance, and capacity. Applications testing will evaluate live VoIP calls with QoS on a mixed-load network; technical performance testing will measure enhancements to symmetry and reductions in latency; and capacity testing will demonstrate the full commercial viability of the simultaneous voice/video/data triple play. Over time, Airvana will continue to invite applications vendors to demonstrate advanced VoIP applications.
Intel Corp. has opened an experience center in Gome Anzhen Store. This is the first time for Intel to set up experience center in electric appliances store and is the beginning of its new 'digital home' strategy. This experience center of Intel is not only for exhibition purpose but also for sales purpose.
Microsoft Corp. had signed an agreement with an information investment company, which is under the wings of Xiamen Municipal Government, on building the Microsoft Technology Center of Fujian Province in Xiamen Software Zone. Actually, an intention agreement had been reached between Microsoft and Xiamen Government three months ago, for the local government believes the settlement of Microsoft's technology center will do a lot of favors to the local IT enterprises.
Lockheed Martin Corp. announced that it will invest $16 million over two years to build a Border Enforcement Solutions Center in a southwest border community, not otherwise identified, as part of its proposed Secure Border Initiative, the Department of Homeland Security's comprehensive multi-year plan to secure America's borders and reduce illegal immigration.
Lockheed Martin Corp. announced that it will invest $16 million over two years to build a border enforcement services center in a Southwest border community to reduce illegal immigration. The border enforcement center is part of Lockheed Martin's Secure Border Initiative Solution (SBInet), which is the Department of Homeland Security's multi-year plan to secure borders and reduce illegal immigration. The center will be used for testing and evaluating technology for both the Northern and Southern borders.
The New York Times Co. said on September 12 that it intends to sell its group of nine network affiliated TV stations in order to concentrate on its newspaper and digital businesses. Chief Executive Janet L. Robinson said in a statement that while the stations were profitable and well run, the sales would 'allow us to sharpen our focus on developing our newspaper and rapidly growing digital businesses, and the synergies between them.' The stations being sold by the Times include WHO-TV, KFSM-TV, WHNT-TV, WREG-TV, WQAD-TV, WTKR-TV, KFOR-TV, KAUT-TV and WNEP-TV.
Universal Health Services Inc. will open a new behavioral health hospital in a Highlands Ranch facility. UHS' 84-bed facility will provide care for the HealthONE behavioral health patients currently admitted to Presbyterian/St. Luke's Medical Center (P/SL) in Denver and provide approximately 60 additional inpatient beds for other adult and adolescent patients. UHS currently operates over 80 inpatient and outpatient behavioral health facilities in 30 states and Puerto Rico. This will be its first in Colorado.
SYNNEX Corp. announced the official rollout of a new division dedicated to consumer electronics. This new division, branded NEXCE, was formed to target traditional value added resellers (VARs), custom home installers and regional and national retailers who cater to the growing consumer electronics market. The NEXCE division focuses on a number of manufacturers with long standing relationships with SYNNEX' broadline distribution, which provides an advantage for the new division to ramp-up quickly.
RCN Corp. may put itself up for sale, two people with knowledge of the plans said. With a market value of $965 million, RCN may draw bids from private-equity firms and communications companies, said the people, who declined to be identified before an announcement from RCN. RCN hired Blackstone Group LP to help it evaluate options, the people said. Blackstone was involved in the 2004 agreement with RCN's creditors to restructure the company. Michael Houghton, a spokesman at RCN, and Blackstone spokesman John Ford declined to comment.
EchoStar Communications Corp. announced the opening of the company's call center in Alvin. The company, has more than 300 workers at the 60,000-square-foot center and expects to have 500 working there by November.
Toys R Us Inc. announced the opening of a 574,000 square foot fulfillment center in Groveport, OH to support the company's expanding product assortment on Toysrus.com and meet increased demand during the upcoming holiday season. Located at 2829 Rohr Road, the new fulfillment center will create approximately 300 full-time and 400 seasonal, part-time jobs in the area.
Microsoft Corp. has decided to strike the price-sensitive and piracy-prone Indian market with affordable software prepaid cards, on the lines of mobile phone cash cards. The company will introduce these cards in India soon, and buyers will be able to purchase Microsoft's software without having to pay any one time charge. The cards are currently under tests in brazil and will take at least another year to get there. Prepaid cards may go a long way in beating piracy, since they promise to make Microsoft products more easy to buy. The cards may also make it impossible for consumers to buy illegal' copies of Microsoft ware.
Kimball International Inc. announced that it is closing a former Zenith TV wood cabinet plant in Juarez, Mexico, another sign of the shrinking market for CRT-based rear projection TVs. Kimball, owner of the facility since paying Zenith $23 million for it in 1999, traced the shutdown to a declining market for projection TV cabinets fueled by an industry-wide shift to LCD and plasma.Related to the closing, Kimball will take $6-$8 million in pre-tax charges, including $2-$2.3 million for property and non-cash asset impairment and $700,000-$1 million in lease exit costs.
Ford Motor Co. will make its new restructuring plan, and is expected to include more plant closings and expanded employee layoffs. The company announced that it plans to slash jobs and reduce factories further and faster in its quest to revive profits.
Ford Motor Co. plans to cut an additional 10,000 salaried jobs in North America, a person familiar with the company's plans said. Ford will delay selling brands or other assets until Alan Mulally, who succeeded Chairman William Clay Ford Jr. as chief executive officer this month, has a chance to study such proposals, the sources said.
Ford Motor Co. unveiled the details of its Way Forward restructuring plans, saying it plans to cut its salaried workforce by a third, eliminating roughly 14,000 positions. The plan also includes an agreement between Ford and the United Auto Workers union on buyout offers for all of its Ford and Automotive Components Holdings hourly employees in the U.S.
Devon Energy Corp. announced that construction has begun its records systems building at Meridian Avenue and Newcastle Road, just north of Will Rogers World Airport. Wynn Construction of Oklahoma City recently started work on the $20 million facility. The building will be an 80,000-square-foot structure and will include a mezzanine. Initially the company will have 20 to 25 employees.
ConAgra Foods Inc. announced plans to close five manufacturing plants and eliminate about 400 jobs as part of a long-term plan to cut costs. These closings are part of a reorganization plan the company announced earlier this year.
Office Depot Inc. laid off about 250 workers at its Boca Raton call center on September 14, 2006 as part of an ongoing effort to consolidate its call center operations nationwide and cut costs.
Convergys Corp. officially opened its second call-centre in St. John's on September 14, 2006. The company expects to create 300 new jobs at the new centre, located in the Village Shopping Centre. Convergys arrived in St. John's in 2000, opening an office for in-bound calls. The company said it employs more than 1,500 people who provide customer service and human resources support in the communications and auto sectors. It has more than 65,000 employees worldwide.
The plan for job cuts and plant closings announced by Ford Motor Co. on September 15 includes a 2008 deadline for selling off or closing 14 plants that the company took over last year as part of a bailout of parts supplier Visteon Corp. “We're in serious discussions with a number of buyers,” a spokesperson said on September 15. She declined to say which plants those talks involved. Ford Chief Financial Officer Don Leclair said during a conference call that the cash proceeds from selling the former Visteon facilities would be ‘fairly small.’
Ford Motor Co.'s newest restructuring plan will gut the company's hourly and salaried ranks over the next year, another blow to a state already struggling to absorb tens of thousands of job cuts at other automotive companies. The plan announced calls for cutting up to 30,000 UAW-represented hourly jobs, primarily with a set of eight buyout packages to be offered next year. An additional 10,000 salaried jobs would be eliminated on top of 4,000 cuts already made this year, most of them by April 2007. The company also added two plants to its list of 14 slated to close by 2012, and moved the shuttering of one assembly plant up by a year. Ford has named just five of the seven assembly plants slated for closure and four of the nine parts factories. All of the identified facilities will close by 2008.
Ford Motor Co. announced that it is offering buyouts to all of its 75,000 U.S. hourly workers and shutting down Maumee in 2008 and an engine plant in Essex, Ontario, in 2007. A transmission plant in Batavia in southwest Ohio that employs 1,480 hourly and 265 salaried workers is among the 14 plants that Ford said previously that it plans to close. It also plans to sell or close by the end of 2008 all facilities including a component plant in Sandusky with 1,700 workers that it took back as part of a bailout of Visteon Corp., a supplier spun off from the automaker. Under the buyout and early retirement plan, workers can choose among eight packages that offer from $35,000 to $140,000 depending on years of service, age and how close they are to retirement. Some packages will force workers to give up health benefits.
The closure of the Essex Engine Plant and the loss of its 650 jobs. Ford Motor Co. has apparently lost confidence in Windsor workers' ability to produce cost-efficient, high-quality engines. The cuts, announced in Dearborn, Mich. are part of Ford's efforts to save $5 billion US while eliminating 25,000 to 30,000 hourly workers and 14,000 salaried employees while closing 16 plants. The engine plant on the city's east side, which produces V-8 and V-6 engines as well as cylinder heads and crankshafts, is slated to close next year as part of the slumping automaker's Way Forward restructuring plan. Earlier this year, Ford announced the casting plant would be shuttered next year. There are currently 484 production workers on layoff from Ford's operations here and another 561 on notice of layoff. Closure of the Engine Plant will eliminate 650 production jobs and another 550 will disappear when the casting plant closes.
Superior Industries International, Inc. announced that it is closing its manufacturing facility in Johnson City, Tennessee, that will result in a layoff of approximately 500 employees. Impairment charges related to the assets, if any, which are required to be recorded as of September 30, 2006, associated with the closing of this facility have yet to be determined. At August 31, 2006, the book value of the manufacturing assets at the Tennessee location was approximately $18.0 million.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced plans to open a new Supercenter in Chattanooga. The company announced that opening this week along Signal Mountain Road is targeting Signal Mountain, Red Bank and North Chattanooga shoppers. With an associated shopping center nearby, the site creates another retail hub. The Wal-Mart will employ 400 people and include a pharmacy, vision and money centers, a Subway restaurant and a full line of groceries.
Hewlett-Packard Co. unveiled three facilities in Cupertino, Calif., Singapore and Bangalore, India, as part of a $500 million investment to deliver world-class service-oriented architecture (SOA) to enterprise customers. Introduced at the HP Technology Forum, the three HP SOA Competency Centers are comprehensive experience centers enabling HP, its customers and its partners to pilot and evaluate SOA technologies, solutions and implementations. The centers will also showcase HP's capabilities in IT architecture, management, security and governance.
Home Depot Inc. is hiring more than 1,000 new employees across the country as part of its latest effort to improve its stores. The hiring is part of company's plan to invest another $350 million in its stores during the second half of this year.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced that the Wal-Mart supercenter scheduled to open in Colerain Township on Sept. 20 might not be a replacement store after all. The retailer announced that it might convert its nearby store, less than four miles away on Colerain Avenue and I-275, into a megastore as well. That smaller location was expected to close permanently when the supercenter opened down the road at Colerain and Ronald Reagan Highway, but now Wal-Mart is rethinking that plan. The older store will still close on Sept. 20, but Wal-Mart may reopen it. With so much traffic coming from the north, the south and off I-275, the intersection might justify a second supercenter. The older store, a traditional-size Wal-Mart at roughly 100,000 square feet, has at times resorted to keeping storage trailers outside in the parking lot.
Symbol Technologies Inc is winding up an auction to sell itself, which could result in a deal for the company in a matter of days, the Wall Street Journal reported. It cited unnamed sources as saying that Motorola Inc is in the best position to win the company, though other bidders could also circle as the situation comes to a head. A deal could be struck at roughly $15 a share. Spokespersons for Symbol and Motorola declined to comment, the Journal said.
Brady Corp. has expanded its manufacturing operations in Penang. It has opened a new CNY 4 million, 50,000 square-foot facility in the Bayan Lepas Free Industrial Zone. With the opening of the new facility of Brady Technology Sdn Bhd, the company hopes to expand its manufacturing presence in the Asia Pacific region and provide more extensive local support and products to its customers.
Apple Computer Inc. chose the Washington area for its first-ever store when it entered the retail market five years ago. Its newest location is also close by. The company will open a store in Columbia this weekend at 10300 Little Patuxent Parkway.
Google Inc. announced that it is starting small on its way to opening a big project in the area that is expected to employ 1,000 people within five years. The operation will handle advertising that appears on the company's Internet search engine. Google was opening an office in Ann Arbor office Monday, employing 20 people at the beginning. Google announced the project July 11. The facility will be a sales center for Google's AdWords program, which allows advertisers to create keyword-based ads that display alongside online search results.